{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f51\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f52\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f54\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f55\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f56\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f57\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f58\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f67\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f68\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f70\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f71\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f72\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f73\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f74\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1534946258\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-720\li840\jclisttab\tx840 }{\listname ;}\listid1425102465}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1425102465\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info
{\title  }{\author Narayan}{\operator Ram}{\creatim\yr1998\mo6\dy26\hr21\min48}{\revtim\yr2071\mo12\dy21\hr17\min54}{\version5}{\edmins83}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1000}{\nofchars5702}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws7002}{\vern8247}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 { \tab              INFOSYS 1997.           TIME 1hr.
\par \tab \tab        PAPER CODE Q/A.        marks 50. 
\par --------------------------------------------------------------
\par 1)At 6'o clock clock ticks 6 times.  The time between first and
\par last ticks was 30sec.  How much time it takes at 12'o clock.
\par 
\par Ans. 66 sec.                 2 marks.
\par 
\par 2)Three friends divided some bullets equally.  After all of them
\par shot 4 bullets the total no.of remaining bullets is equal to that of
\par one has after division.  Find the original number divided.
\par 
\par Ans. x          x       x
\par      x-4        x-4     x-4
\par      3x-12 = x
\par      x= 6
\par      ans is 18                  2 marks
\par 
\par 3)A ship went on a voyage after 180 miles a plane statrted with 10 times
\par speed  that of the ship.  Find the distance when they meet from
\par starting point.
\par 
\par Ans.  180 + (x/10) = x
\par        x = 20
\par        ans is 180+20=200miles.             2 marks
\par 
\par 4) Fill the empty slots.
\par   Three FOOTBALL teams are there. Given below the list of maches.
\par 
\par         played  won     lost    draw    Goals for       Goals against
\par A        2       2       *0      *0        *7                 1         
\par B        2       *0      *1       1        2                    4
\par C        2       *0      *1      *1        3                   7
\par 
\par the slots with stars are answers.   4 marks
\par BC drew with  2-2
\par A won on B by 2-0
\par a won on C by 5-1
\par ( YOU HAVE TO FILL THE BLANKS AT APPROPRIATE STAR SYMBOLS.)`
\par 5) There are 3 societies a,b,c.  a lent tractors to b and c as many
\par as they had.  After some time b gave as many tractors to a and c
\par as many as they have.  After sometime c did the same thing.
\par At the end of this transaction each one of them had 24.
\par Find the tractors each orginally had.
\par 
\par Ans a had 39, b had 21, c had 12,          4 marks
\par 
\par 6) There N stations on a railroad. After adding x stations 46 additional
\par tickets have to be printed. Find N and X.
\par 
\par Ans. let N(N-1) = t;
\par          (N+x)(N+x-1)       = t+46;
\par          trail and error method   x=2  and N=11   4 marks
\par 
\par 7)Given that April 1 is tuesday. a,b,c are 3 persons told that their
\par farewell party was on
\par   a  - may 8, thursday
\par   b  - may 10,tuesday
\par   c  - june 8, friday
\par Out of a,b,c one is only correct one of the regarding month,day,date.
\par Other told two correct and the third person told all wrong.What is
\par correct date,month,day.                 5 marks
\par (ans may be MAY 10 SUNDAY. check once again)
\par 8)There are 4 parties.  df,gs,dl(depositloss),ew ran for a contest.
\par Anup,Sujit,John made the following statements regarding results.
\par Anup said either df or ew will definitely win
\par sujit said he is confident that df will not win
\par John said he is confident that neither ew nor dl will win
\par the result has come.  only one of the above three has made a correct
\par statement.  Who has made the correct statement and who has won
\par the contest.                    5 marks.
\par   (ans DL )
\par 9)Five people a,b,c,d,e are related to each other.  Four of them make
\par one true statement each as follows.
\par i) b is my father's brother.       (ans. d said this)
\par ii)e is my mother-in-law.          (     b          )
\par iii)c is my son-in-law's brother.  (     e          )
\par iv)a is my brother's wife.         (     c          )
\par who said each statement.
\par                                         10 marks.
\par 
\par 10) All members of d are also members of a
\par     All   ''       e   ''                d
\par     all    ''      c    ''               both a and b
\par     not all ''     a  are members of d
\par     not all ''     d   ''            e
\par Some questions on these conditions.(5questions 5 marks)
\par 11)
\par    boys are allowed to watch football at c.v.Raman auditorium subjected to
\par    conditions.
\par    i)the boy over age 16 can wear overcoat
\par    ii)no boy over age  15 can wear cap
\par    iii)to watch the football either he has to wear overcoat or cap
\par         or both
\par    iv) a boy with an umberella or above 16 or both cannot wear sweater.
\par    v)  boys must either not watch football or wear sweater.
\par 
\par    What is the appearence of the boy who is watching football.
\par    Try to solve this question................
\par 
\par                       ok!!!!!
\par                  infosys paper 1997.
\par \tab \tab  paper code q/c.
\par ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par 1)   be * be = acb
\par      a,b,c,e   are non zero numbers find b,e.
\par      ans)  b=1   e=9
\par 2)   a,b,c,d,e  are having numerical values. there are some conditions
\par given
\par    a)  a=c  <===>  b!=e
\par    b) difference between a and c as same as difference between c and b 
\par       as same as difference between a and d
\par    c)  c<a  and  c>d 
\par   then find a,b,c,d,e
\par 3)   there are six cards in which it has two king cards. all cards are 
\par turned down and two cards are opened
\par   a) what is the possobility to get at least one king.
\par   b) what is the possibility to get two kings.
\par 4) a person went to a shop and asked for change for 1.15paise.
\par but he said that he could not only give change for one rupee.
\par but also for 50p,25p,10p  and 5p. what were the coins he had 
\par    ans) 1-->50   4--->10p      1--->25p
\par 5)  there are 3 nurses and they work altogether only once in a week.
\par no nurse  is called to work for 3 consecutive days.
\par   nurse 1 is off on tueseday,thursday and sunday.
\par   nurse 2 is off on saturday.
\par   nurse 3 is off on thursday,sunday.
\par   no two nurses are off more than once a week.
\par     find the day on which all the 3 nurses were on work.
\par 6)  there are 5 persons a,b,c,d,e and each is wearing a block or white 
\par cap on his head. a person can see the caps of the remaining 4 but can't
\par see his own cap. a person wearing white says true and who wears block 
\par says false.
\par   i) a says i see 3 whites and 1 block
\par  ii) b says i see 4 blocks
\par iii) e says i see 4 whites
\par iiii) c says i see 3 blocks and 1 white.
\par     now find the caps weared by a,b,c,d and e
\par 7) there are two women, kavitha and shamili and two males shyam, aravind
\par who are musicians. out of these four one is a pianist, one flutist,
\par violinist and drummer.
\par     i) across aravind beats pianist
\par    ii) across shyam is not a flutist
\par   iii) kavitha's left is a pianist
\par  iiii) shamili's left is not a drummer
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f2\fs20 \hich\af2\dbch\af0\loch\f2 v)\tab}}\pard \s15\ql \fi-720\li840\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx840{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnlcrm\pnstart5\pnindent360\pnsp120\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin840\itap0 {flutist and drummer are married.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf6  Violinist \tab paintist\tab flutist\tab drummer       (}{\cf2 check it)
\par }{\cf6  Shamili\tab aravind\tab kavitha\tab shyam
\par }{
\par 
\par 8) 1/3 ed of the contents of a container evaporated on the 1 st day.
\par    3/4 th of the remaining contents of the container evaporated the 
\par    second day. what part of the contents of the container are left at
\par    the end of the second day.
\par 9) a man covered 28 steps in 30 seconds but he decided to move fast and 
\par covered 34 steps in 18 seconds. how many steps are there on the 
\par escalator when stationary.
\par 10)  all fair skinned, rich, handsome, muscular, lean and employed are 
\par tall men
\par  1) all lean men are muscular.
\par  2) no fairskinned person who is not rich is handsome.
\par  3) some muscular men are handsome.
\par  4) all handsome are fairskinned.
\par  5) no person who is neither fair skinned nor muscular is enplyed.
\par ` 6)  we unable to recall this condition  and  question also incomplete.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}