{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern Courier New;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}}\paperw9440 \paperh12565 \par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx8020\posy645\absw1030\absh-345 {\li0 \f0\fs16 QP-2\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx530\posy900\absw7740\absh-2375 {\li0 \f1\fs18 26     An abstract model of the database from a business perspective best defines:\par}{\li0 \sl260\f1\fs18 A.     physical design.\par}{\li20 \sl90\f1\fs18 B.     object design.\par}{\li10 \sl85\f1\fs18 C.    organizational view.\par}{\li15 \sl90\f1\fs18 D.     conceptual design.\par}{\li25 \sl90\f1\fs18 E.     subschema design.\par}{\li10 \sl290\f1\fs18 27     .Each of the following is a true statement about distributed databases {\b e}{\b x}{\b c}{\b e}{\b p}{\b t}{\b :}\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx155\posy3355\absw9125\absh-7510 {\li370 \f1\fs18 A.     distributed systems reduce the vulnerability of a single, massive central site.\par}{\li385 \sl90\f1\fs18 B.     distributed systems are dependent on high-quality telecommunication lines.\par}{\li380 \sl85\f1\fs18 C.    distributed systems decrease the service and responsiveness to local users.\par}{\li385 \sl90\f1\fs18 D.     local databases can sometimes depart from central data standards and definitions and\par}{\li5 \sl110\f1\fs18 pose security problems by widely distributing access to sensitive data.\par}{\li390 \sl5\f1\fs18 E:     distributed systems often can run on smaller less expensive computers.\par}{\li370 \sl290\f1\fs18 28.      Queue is defined as\par}{\li370 \sl255\f1\fs18 A.     Linear data structure used to represent a linear list and permits deletion and insertion.\par}{\li390 \sl85\f1\fs18 B.     Linear data structure used to represent a linear list and permits deletion at one end and\par}{\li10 \sl80\f1\fs18 insertion at the other end.\par}{\li385 \sl35\f1\fs18 C.     Non linear data structure used to represent a linear list and permits deletion and insertion\par}{\li0 \sl85\f1\fs18 at both end.\par}{\li390 \sl30\f1\fs18 D.     ,..  iiiie-i, u-»ta structL"  :'sed '-> .-epresent a non linear list and permits deletion and\par}{\li10 \sl60\f1\fs18 insertion at roth end.\par}{\li370 \sl240\f1\fs16 29.      Peep technology in stack is used for\par}{\li360 \sl270\f1\fs18 A.     Deletion\par}{\li380 \sl90\f1\fs18 B.     Insertion\par}{\li375 \sl80\f1\fs18 C.     Updation\par}{\li380 \sl95\f1\fs18 D.     Extract Information\par}{\li375 \sl85\f1\fs18 E.     None\par}{\li365 \sl295\f1\fs18 30.      Orthogonal matrix means\par}{\li355 \sl255\f1\fs18 A.    A square matrix whose product and its transpose is an identity matrix.\par}{\li375 \sl90\f1\fs18 B.     A square matrix and the product and its transpose are an identity matrix.\par}{\li370 \sl80\f1\fs18 C.     None of the above}}