{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}}\paperw10280 \paperh16065 \par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx150\posy1340\absw6230\absh-1950 {\li0 \f0\fs20 6.     a. All Nogas are stars.\par}{\li600 \sl100\f0\fs20 b.  Most stars are not orbits.\par}{\li600 \sl150\f0\fs20 c.  Some orbits are elliptical and some are not.\par}{\li610 \sl80\f0\fs20 d.  Most elliptical things are stars.\par}{\li625 \sl145\f0\fs20 e.  No orbit is elliptical.\par}{\li625 \sl80\f0\fs20 A. abc                     B. deb                    C. e\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx195\posy3605\absw4205\absh-2275 {\li0 \f0\fs20 {\b 7}{\b .}     a. Orchids grow in soil.\par}{\li605 \sl95\f0\fs20 b.  Some plants do not grow in s(\par}{\li605 \sl160\f0\fs20 c.  Orchids do not grow in soil.\par}{\li620 \sl70\f0\fs20 d.  Orchids may be a type of plan\par}{\li625 \sl145\f0\fs20 e.  Some plants grow in soil.\par}{\li625 \sl75\f0\fs20 f.    Orchids are not plants.\par}{\li625 \sl115\f0\fs20 A. abd                   B. fea\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx260\posy6190\absw6365\absh-1920 {\li0 \f0\fs20 {\b 8}{\b .}     a. Global warming results in deforestation.\par}{\li600 \sl85\f0\fs20 b.  Deforestation is harmful to life.\par}{\li600 \sl145\f0\fs20 c.  Global warming is harmful to life.\par}{\li605 \sl75\f0\fs20 d.  Some global warming does not result in deforestation\par}{\li615 \sl145\f0\fs20 e Some global warming is not harmful to life.\par}{\li615 \sl70\f0\fs20 A. cba                   B. dbe                   C. cd\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx305\posy8400\absw10400\absh-6225 {\li5 \f0\fs20 {\b D}{\b i}{\b r}{\b e}{\b c}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b T}{\b o}{\b r} {\b q}{\b u}{\b e}{\b s}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b 9}{\b -}{\b 1}{\b 2}{\b :} Read {\i t}{\i h}{\i e} {\i p}{\i a}{\i s}{\i s}{\i a}{\i g}{\i e} {\i g}{\i i}{\i v}{\i e}{\i n} {\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i o}{\i w} {\i a}{\i n}{\i d} {\i a}{\i n}{\i s}{\i w}{\i e}{\i r} {\i t}{\i h}{\i e} {\i q}{\i u}{\i e}{\i s}{\i t}{\i i}{\i o}{\i n}{\i s} {\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t} {\i f}{\i o}{\i l}{\i l}{\i o}{\i w}{\i .}\par}{\li0 \sl120\f0\fs20 Albert Einstein once said: "I never think of the future, it comes soon enough". One aspect of the future\par}{\li10 \sl35\f0\fs20 that can never come soon enough is that of greater autonomy.  In film-making, though, autonomy is\par}{\li15 \sl5\f0\fs20 frequently stifled by the unequal possession of capital and the voices of the many are simply\par}{\li30 \sl20\f0\fs20 marginalized.  Alternatively, autonomy can be undermined by the predilections of the owners of capital,\par}{\li30 \sl95\f0\fs20 as in the studio system where formulas are devised to meet market-researched standards at the cost of\par}{\li40 \f0\fs20 creativity or experimentation.\par}{\li50 \sl125\f0\fs20 Most perniciously though, any act of investment constricts autonomy by creating a structural dilemma, the\par}{\li55 \sl20\f0\fs20 necessity of recouping investments - without which future production is endangered.  The expensive\par}{\li60 \sl45\f0\fs20 nature of 35mm productions thus exerts an all too obvious pressure on film-makers, which drives\par}{\li60 \sl5\f0\fs20 commercial cinema towards the safety of numbers and tried-and-tested content.  Unsurprisingly then,\par}{\li75 \sl45\f0\fs20 lowest common cultural denominators and universal themes often determine what is popular cinema.\par}{\li4675 \f0\fs20 \\\par}{\li90 \f0\fs20 Digital video as a technology promises empowerment through an improved set of opportunities, which far\par}{\li85 \sl20\f0\fs20 outweigh its constraints. Autonomy in digital film-making (the making of digital format motion pictures) is\par}{\li85 \sl40\f0\fs20 derived from its relatively low capital-intensity requirement.  This, in turn, reduces the break-even\par}{\li90 \sl30\f0\fs20 constraint.  The broadcast quality bare essentials can be rented for upwards of $200 per day (though\par}{\li105 \sl30\f0\fs20 actual cost is entirely contingent on the intended nature/sophistication of the production).  A& a general\par}{\li115 \sl40\f0\fs20 rule though, the scale effects that dominate the production requirements of traditional formats are toned\par}{\li115 \sl35\f0\fs20 down enormously.  An immediate consequence is the increased ability to take risks with form and\par}{\li120 \sl15\f0\fs20 content.\par}{\li120 \sl125\f0\fs20 The essential thrust of digital film making is liberal democratic as it increases the spectrum of output and\par}{\li135 \sl25\f0\fs20 also protects diversity by allowing for niche markets to be satiated.  In occupational terms, the relative\par}{\li140 \sl10\f0\fs20 affordability of digital video also allows for the studio apprentice system to be replaced by greater hands\par}{\li145 \sl90\f0\fs20 on experience for first time film makers who believe that creativity can transcend experience.}}