{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}}\paperw10560 \paperh15440 \par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx1010\posy475\absw9690\absh-2010 {\li4090 \f0\fs20 ---   —~—--,..---            --   {\i -}{\i Q}{\i f}{\i -}{\i f}{\i .}{\i ~}\par}{\li0 \f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 2}{\b .}   The author expresses optimism on which of the following possibilities in film production?\par}{\li555 \sl135\f0\fs20 A. Digital films will become increasingly popular as  technology improves.\par}{\li560 \sl110\f0\fs20 B. Digital technology has the potential to replace traditional techniques of filmmaking.\par}{\li550 \sl115\f0\fs20 C. Traditional story-telling method will give way to special effects.\par}{\li550 \sl115\f0\fs20 D. Digital filmmaking will challenge and marginalize guerrilla cinema.\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx660\posy2580\absw10450\absh-11950 {\li290 \f0\fs20 {\b D}{\b i}{\b r}{\b e}{\b c}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b f}{\b o}{\b r} {\b q}{\b u}{\b e}{\b s}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b 1}{\b 3}{\b -}{\b 1}{\b 5}{\b :} {\i C}{\i h}{\i o}{\i o}{\i s}{\i e} {\i t}{\i h}{\i e} {\i w}{\i o}{\i r}{\i d} {\i t}{\i h}{\i a}{\i t} {\i d}{\i o}{\i e}{\i s} {\i n}{\i o}{\i t} {\i b}{\i e}{\i l}{\i o}{\i n}{\i g} {\i t}{\i o} {\i t}{\i h}{\i e} {\i g}{\i r}{\i o}{\i u}{\i p}{\i .}\par}{\li265 \sl435\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 3}{\b .}   A. idolatry                 B. idealistic               C. Utopian                 D. otherworldly\par}{\li250 \sl435\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 4}{\b .}   A. sonata                  B. sonnet                 C. dirge                   D. caricature\par}{\li230 \sl430\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 5}{\b .}   A. physical                B. carnal                  C. spiritual                D. somatic\par}{\li3535 \sl265\f0\fs16 1\par}{\li210 \f0\fs20 {\b D}{\b i}{\b r}{\b e}{\b c}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b f}{\b o}{\b r} {\b q}{\b u}{\b e}{\b s}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b 1}{\b 6} {\b t}{\b o} {\b 3}{\b 0}{\b :} {\i C}{\i h}{\i o}{\i o}{\i s}{\i e} {\i t}{\i h}{\i e} {\i a}{\i p}{\i p}{\i r}{\i o}{\i p}{\i r}{\i i}{\i a}{\i t}{\i e} {\i c}{\i h}{\i o}{\i i}{\i c}{\i e} {\i f}{\i o}{\i r} {\i e}{\i a}{\i c}{\i h} {\i o}{\i f} {\i t}{\i h}{\i e} {\i f}{\i o}{\i l}{\i l}{\i o}{\i w}{\i i}{\i n}{\i g} {\i q}{\i u}{\i e}{\i s}{\i t}{\i i}{\i o}{\i n}{\i s}{\i .}\par}{\li205 \sl110\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 6}{\b .}   In a factory, ' a' men work ' b' hours a day and produce ' c ' articles each day. If 'd' men ar(\par}{\li775 \sl50\f0\fs20 released, how many hours a day will the remaining men have to work to produce ' c' articles eaci"\par}{\li760 \sl25\f0\fs20 day?\par}{\li735 \sl150\f0\fs20 ab       ab       C {\b\i a}-{\i d}      {\b a}b\par}{\li1105 \sl50\f0\fs20 d                 ' b                 '  b                ' a-d\par}{\li150 \sl300\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 7}{\b .}   Mike loves hiking. He starts from point A and walks 4 miles due east to point B. From there he\par}{\li710 \sl45\f0\fs20 walks 3 miles south to point C. From point C he walks 8 miles east to point D and from there he\par}{\li700 \sl25\f0\fs20 walks 6 miles west to point E. What is the shortest distance between point A and point E?\par}{\li690 \sl115\f0\fs20 A. 8 miles                 B. 5 miles                 C. 7 miles                 D. 6.7 miles\par}{\li105 \sl415\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 8}{\b .}   The incomes of A and B are in the ratio 5:8. Their savings are in the ratio 8:5. What is the ratio of\par}{\li670 \sl45\f0\fs20 their expenditure?\par}{\li655 \sl115\f0\fs20 A. 3:2                                                 B. 2:3\par}{\li640 \sl105\f0\fs20 {\i 0}{\i s}{\i .} Cannot be determined                                        D. None of these\par}{\li65 \sl280\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 9}{\b .}   The value of ~6 + JB+~6+.... uptooo  is:\par}{\li620 \sl215\f0\fs20 A. 5              ,         B.2                       C.4                       D{\b\i\ul ~}{\b\i\ul e} of these\par}{\li25 \sl420\f0\fs20 {\b 2}{\b 0}{\b .}   What is the value of A for which the sum of the squares of the roots of the equation\par}{\li595 \sl80\f0\fs20 X2-({\b\i\ul A}-{\b\ul 3}){\b\i )}))) x-(A+3) = 0 is the least?\par}{\li580 \sl160\f0\fs20 A.+2                B.-2                C. 3                D. None of these\par}{\li5 \sl95\f0\fs20 {\b D}{\b i}{\b r}{\b e}{\b c}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b f}{\b o}{\b r} {\b q}{\b u}{\b e}{\b s}{\b t}{\b i}{\b o}{\b n}{\b s} {\b 2}{\b 1} {\b a}{\b n}{\b d} {\b 2}{\b 2}{\b :} {\i E}{\i a}{\i c}{\i h} {\i o}{\i f} {\i t}{\i h}{\i e} {\i f}{\i o}{\i l}{\i l}{\i o}{\i w}{\i i}{\i n}{\i g} {\i q}{\i u}{\i e}{\i s}{\i t}{\i i}{\i o}{\i n}{\i s} {\i i}{\i s} {\i f}{\i o}{\i l}{\i l}{\i o}{\i w}{\i e}{\i d} {\i b}{\i y} {\i t}{\i w}{\i o} {\i s}{\i t}{\i a}{\i t}{\i e}{\i m}{\i e}{\i n}{\i t}{\i s} {\i (}{\i 1}{\i )}\par}{\li0 \sl40\f0\fs20 {\i a}{\i n}{\i d} {\i (}{\i 2}{\i )}{\i .} {\i M}{\i a}{\i r}{\i k}\par}{\li560 \sl120\f0\fs20 A. If the question can be answered by one of the statements alone, but cannot be answered by\par}{\li865 \sl50\f0\fs20 using the other statement alone.\par}{\li555 \sl90\f0\fs20 B. If the question can be answered by using either statement alone.\par}{\li540 \sl110\f0\fs20 C. If the question can be answered by using both the statements together, but cannot be answered\par}{\li835 \sl45\f0\fs20 by using either statement alone.\par}{\li530 \sl95\f0\fs20 D. If the question cannot be answered even by using both statements together,}}