{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}}\paperw10360 \paperh15625 \par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx135\posy415\absw10355\absh-13565 {\li0 \f0\fs20 Another significant feature of digital vide is its relative immunity against the heavy handed tactics of\par}{\li20 \sl20\f0\fs20 parochial politics.  It is hardly the case that India lacks brave political and social cinema.  However,\par}{\li35 \sl35\f0\fs20 producing and protecting such produce become easier when it is in digital form.\par}{\li20 \sl110\f0\fs20 Digital video's subversive capabilities are obviously double edged:   The role of audio tapes, as a\par}{\li10 \sl20\f0\fs20 decentralized, low-cost medium, in furthering communal tension in the early 1990s has been well\par}{\li25 \sl30\f0\fs20 documented. It is a truism that decentralized mediums, which promote the freedom of speech, need not\par}{\li25 \sl30\f0\fs20 always promote what you want to hear.  Nonetheless, high quality audio-visual dissent can strengthen\par}{\li30 \sl35\f0\fs20 human rights and provide unique perspectives: Palm sized digital cameras for example have been used\par}{\li10 \sl25\f0\fs20 for sensitive undercover investigations and war reporting.\par}{\li30 \sl110\f0\fs20 Presently, digital film-making is dogged by significant constraints.  One is the capital intensive nature of\par}{\li25 \sl35\f0\fs20 the computer based editing and post production equipment where rentals can range from $20 to $ 200\par}{\li35 \sl65\f0\fs20 per hour. A more awkward question is whether digital video will gain widespread acceptability amongst\par}{\li35 \f0\fs20 audiences despite its less than cinematic visuals.  One complicated alternative is for a digital film that\par}{\li35 \sl35\f0\fs20 looks commercially viable to be transferred to 35mm for theatrical release. A more promising alternative\par}{\li40 \sl25\f0\fs20 lies in newer distribution channels that seek to broadcast over the Internet and broadband.\par}{\li45 \sl115\f0\fs20 Recent innovations in video compression technology, together with increased bandwidth availability on\par}{\li30 \sl20\f0\fs20 fiber-optic networks, promise to substantially increase the download speeds and visual quality of such\par}{\li40 \sl30\f0\fs20 streaming video.  Research in the US also suggests it may eventually be possible for digital films to be\par}{\li40 \sl25\f0\fs20 downloaded from satellites to digital cinemas, thus allowing for an important part of the cinematic\par}{\li40 \sl35\f0\fs20 experience to be retained. Ultimately we can hope that the seemingly inexorable progress of technology\par}{\li35 \sl30\f0\fs20 will carry digital films towards greater sophistication and viability.\par}{\li45 \sl105\f0\fs20 Digital film-making should thus be seen as an incipient challenge to the unifying nature of global\par}{\li50 \sl25\f0\fs20 production for global markets. As such, it is an alternative to not the replacement of traditional techniques\par}{\li40 \sl35\f0\fs20 and content. Its produce will thus complement 16mm indie (independent) and guerrilla cinema that also\par}{\li45 \sl25\f0\fs20 challenge the formula system. A significant example of this techno-aesthetic approach is the Dogme 95\par}{\li50 \sl25\f0\fs20 Manifesto a statement of intention adhered to by fiimmaking away from the special effects and large\par}{\li50 \sl20\f0\fs20 budgets of Hollywood and back to storytelling and innovative camera work. Critically acclaimed works in\par}{\li50 \sl30\f0\fs20 this genre include Festen (which addresses sexual abuse within families), The Idiots (which addresses\par}{\li55 \sl20\f0\fs20 societal notions of deviancy), and two Oscar nominated documentaries, The Buena Vista Social Club and\par}{\li60 \sl35\f0\fs20 The Farm.\par}{\li60 \sl120\f0\fs20 {\b 9}{\b .}     According to the author, which of the following is a direct consequence of the studio system on film\par}{\li650 \f0\fs20 making?\par}{\li650 \sl125\f0\fs20 A. emphasis on experimentation\par}{\li665 \sl110\f0\fs20 B.  lack of originality\par}{\li655 \sl110\f0\fs20 C. lack of research on market demands\par}{\li665 \sl115\f0\fs20 D. prevalence of 35 mm productions\par}{\li85 \sl445\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 0}{\b .}   Which of the following is an advantage of the use of digital video technology?\par}{\li665 \sl110\f0\fs20 A. Low cost in film production.which paves way for greater autonomy.\par}{\li680 \sl110\f0\fs20 B. The digital video movement will complement formulaic film making.\par}{\li675 \sl115\f0\fs20 C. Computer based editing will become capital intensive.\par}{\li690 \sl110\f0\fs20 D. Ability to take risks with form and matter will decrease dramatically.\par}{\li100 \sl445\f0\fs20 {\b 1}{\b 1}{\b .}   The author is optimistic that innovations in video compression technology and bandwidth would\par}{\li685 \sl15\f0\fs20 contribute substantially to\par}{\li700 \sl120\f0\fs20 1.      increasing  speed  of downloading\par}{\li700 \sl115\f0\fs20 ii.     curbing  niche  markets\par}{\li700 \sl105\f0\fs20 iii.   enhancing video quality\par}{\li690 \sl115\f0\fs20 A. II only                     B. Ill only                 C. I, III only               D.i and II only}}