SATYAM’s interview is only formal.  They asses u a lot in the gd 
itself.

 

The Gd topics are:

1) Is women reservation justified?

2) Is reservation necessary in private sector??

3) Kashmir issue

4) Is Gd an effective process in interviews?

5) Telangana controversy

6) Capital punishment.

 

 

I got telangana issue. They selected 2, 3, 4 from each group.   Each 
group is divided into 9 members. but in my group only I was selected. I 
opposed telangana formation . u just need to take a stand and stick on 
to it till the end. U have to tell 2 or 3 powerful points on ur stands 

         It’s a misnomer in gd that u have to start first. It’s not 
necessary. I got 5 chance to talk but I quoted some famous quotations and 
convinced my group. They check ur communication skills and leadership 
qualities in gd itself. So all the best.

 

     Coming to the interview panel it was very cool.. hr and technical  
at a time. I was interviewed by the same panel that assessed me in gd.. 
so my job was half done.  They already selected me so they asked me 
simple questions

 

 

            They asked me as I was mech student “ y do u want to come 
to software field?”

 and they asked me how would u handle and motivate people in a group  
as I was general secretary in fine arts club in our college. He checked 
my leadership qualities.  Where do u see urself 5 years down the line.

          For some of my friends they some questions  on computer 
awareness.  

    

   Guys don’t feel bad if u don’t get through interviews.

   This was my 6TH test I wrote

                

 

                  KANBAY       flunked in written

                 CTS               thru in written     but flunked in 
intw

                 TCS               thru in written and physcometry test   
but flunked in technical intw

                 WIPRO          flunked in written

                 DELOITTE     flunked in written

                 SATYAM        got selected

            

 

        So NEVER GIVE UP.  Keep trying. Jobs r for us.

 

                                        I AM GIVING SOME ANS WHICH I 
REMEMBER

                       1.   IF ONETHIRD OF BOYS AND HALF OF GIRLS TAKE 
PART IN SOME SOCIAL ACTIVITY OF 300 OUT OF WHICH 100 ARE BOYS FIND 
TOTAL NO OF BOYS AND GIRLS? ANS: 700

                       2.   HOW MANY TIMES U GET 180 DEGREES IN THE 
CLOCK? ANS: 22

                       3. PROBLEM RELATED TO VOTERS ANS: 56%

                       4. A NUMBER IS MULTIPLIED WITH 11/7 INSTEAD OF 
1/7 WHICH IS MORE THAN 30 FROM ORIGINAL ANSFIND OUT THE ORIGINAL NO?

                       5. PERMUTATIONS ANS: 14000

                       6.  TIME &WORK PROBLEM? ANS: 10MIN

                       7.  FAMILY RELATION PROBLEM IT IS THE LAST 
QUESTION .ANS IS: NONE OF THESE (AS DATA IS INSUFFICIENT).

                       8. BLOOD RELATION PROBLEM VERY EASY ONE.

                       9.3=4; 4=20;5=30;7=?ANS:56

                      10. SERIES PROBLEM 5, 15, 45, ? ANS: 135

                      11. VERBAL REASONING:  HARRY: WHEN I AM READING A 
BOOK SERIOUSLY I CAN’T HEAR ANY ONE CALLING ME

                            JOHN   : IF U CANT LISTEN THEN HOW DO U 
KNOW THAT SOMEBODY IS CALLING U?

                             ON WHAT BASIS DID JOHN RESPOND? ANS: CHECK 
ONCE.

                     12. A CAR ADVERTISEMENT IS GIVEN. U HAVE TO FIND 
THE WORD WHICH WEAKENS THE ADVERTISEMENT? 

                     13. PROBLEM RELATED TO AREAS (LENGTH IS INCREASED 
BY 12% AND BREADTH IS BY 14%) VERY EASY ONE ANS: 15645(CHECK IT OUT)

                     REMANING QUS I DON’T REMEMBER.

                                                                                    

                                ALL THE BEST

 

  

