{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}}\paperw9360 \paperh15190 \par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx245\posy805\absw9390\absh-13305 {\li8480 \f0\fs18 QP-\par}{\li320 \f1\fs18 11. public void actionPerformed(ActionEvent e)\{ \}\par}{\li665 \sl255\f1\fs18 What interface will the class containing the above code usually implement?\par}{\li1020 \sl265\f1\fs18 A. ComponentEvent\par}{\li1030 \sl90\f1\fs18 B. ActionAdapter\par}{\li1015 \sl90\f1\fs18 C. AWTEvent\par}{\li1010 \sl85\f1\fs18 D. ActionListener\par}{\li1005 \sl85\f1\fs18 E. WindowListener\par}{\li245 \sl275\f1\fs18 12. A class can be Externalized if the class has implemented\par}{\li960 \sl270\f1\fs18 A. Extemalizable interface.\par}{\li970 \sl90\f1\fs18 B. Serializable interface.\par}{\li955 \sl85\f1\fs18 C. Extemalizable and Senalizable interface.\par}{\li955 \sl90\f1\fs18 D. None of the above\par}{\li195 \sl270\f1\fs18 13.      The values of the following classes are initialized by the compiler\par}{\li905 \sl275\f1\fs18 A. Auto and extern\par}{\li920 \sl85\f1\fs18 B. Register and static\par}{\li905 \sl85\f1\fs18 C. Static and extern\par}{\li905 \sl85\f1\fs18 D. Auto and register\par}{\li150 \sl275\f1\fs16 14. The compiler may assign another class to a variable declared as class\par}{\li855 \sl275\f1\fs18 A.    automatic\par}{\li870 \sl85\f1\fs18 B.     external\par}{\li855 \sl85\f1\fs18 C.     static\par}{\li855 \sl90\f1\fs18 D.     register\par}{\li95 \sl270\f1\fs18 15. The assignment ptrval = 100 where ptrval a declared pointer is\par}{\li810 \sl275\f1\fs18 A.     Not recommended as it could point to different things\par}{\li820 \sl85\f1\fs18 B.     will not be allowed by compiler\par}{\li810 \sl85\f1\fs18 C.     Normal programming practice in 'C'\par}{\li805 \sl90\f1\fs18 D.    An error because the value assigned is not in\par}{\li45 \sl280\f1\fs18 16. Consider a valid assignment ptrcount = &count and let address of count be 65496.&ptrcount will be\par}{\li760 \sl275\f1\fs18 A.     undefined as it is &&count\par}{\li775 \sl85\f1\fs18 B.     65496\par}{\li765 \sl85\f1\fs18 C.     65498\par}{\li760 \sl90\f1\fs18 D.     Can not say\par}{\li0 \sl275\f1\fs18 17.The purpose of declaring a structure is to\par}{\li735 \sl265\f1\fs18 Select all the appropriate ones\par}{\li705 \sl250\f1\fs18 A.     Set aside the appropriate amount of memory\par}{\li715 \sl95\f1\fs18 B -      Define the format of the structure\par}{\li705 \sl80\f1\fs18 C.     Specify a list of structure elements\par}{\li700 \sl90\f1\fs18 D.     Define a new data type of the above}}