{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}{\f1\froman Times New Roman;}}\paperw10280 \paperh14940 \par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx1540\posy1080\absw2065\absh-1680 {\li30 \f0\fs16 printf("Fail2")\par}{\li5 \sl265\f0\fs18 A. Passi, Pass2\par}{\li15 \sl90\f0\fs18 B. Passi ,Fait2\par}{\li0 \sl85\f0\fs18 C. Fail 1, Pass2\par}{\li0 \sl95\f0\fs18 D. Fail1,Fail2\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx1065\posy3075\absw4940\absh-3865 {\li70 \f0\fs18 22. What will be the result of the following program ?\par}{\li60 \sl250\f0\fs18 char *gxxx()\par}{\li50 \sl20\f1\fs18 \{static char xxx[1024];\par}{\li50 \sl40\f1\fs18 return xxx;\par}{\li30 \sl10\f0\fs18 {\b \}}\par}{\li35 \sl40\f1\fs18 rnainQ\par}{\li25 \sl15\f1\fs18 \{char *g="string";\par}{\li20 \sl35\f1\fs18 strcpy(gxxxO.g);\par}{\li10 \sl50\f1\fs18 g = gxxxO;\par}{\li5 \f0\fs18 strcpy(g ."oldstring");\par}{\li0 \sl20\f0\fs18 printf("The string is : %s",gxxx()):\}\par}{\li350 \sl255\f1\fs18 A. The string is : string\par}{\li355 \sl15\f1\fs18 B. The string is :oldstring\par}{\li345 \sl25\f1\fs18 C. Run time error/Core dump\par}{\li340 \sl25\f1\fs18 D. Syntax error during compilation\par}\par\pard\pvpg\phpg\posx870\posy7145\absw8980\absh-6640 {\li505 \f0\fs16 23. The situation that occurs when different divisions, functional areas, and groups in  an\par}{\li135 \sl40\f0\fs16 organization independently collect the same piece of information best describes:\par}{\li480 \sl260\f0\fs18 A.     program-data independence.\par}{\li490 \sl85\f0\fs18 B.     data redundancy.\par}{\li475 \sl85\f0\fs18 C.     lack of flexibility.\par}{\li475 \sl90\f0\fs18 D.     poor security.\par}{\li465 \sl90\f0\fs18 E.     lack of data sharing and availability.\par}{\li440 \sl290\f0\fs18 24.      The language associated with a database management system that is employed by end\par}{\li70 \sl55\f0\fs18 users and programmers to manipulate data in the database is the:\par}{\li410 \sl235\f0\fs18 A.     data definition language.\par}{\li420 \sl85\f0\fs18 B.     data presentation language.\par}{\li405 \sl90\f0\fs18 C.     data manipulation language.\par}{\li405 \sl90\f0\fs18 D.     data translation language.\par}{\li400 \sl90\f0\fs18 E.     application generator.\par}{\li375 \sl290\f0\fs18 25. In the relational database, the operation that combines relational tables to provide the user wit\par}{\li0 \sl50\f0\fs18 more information than is available in individual tables is the:\par}{\li345 \sl240\f0\fs18 A.    join operation.\par}{\li355 \sl85\f0\fs18 B.     merge operation.\par}{\li345 \sl90\f0\fs18 C.     select operation.\par}{\li340 \sl85\f0\fs18 D.    grow operation.\par}{\li330 \sl90\f0\fs18 E.     project operation.}}