{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs36   General Tips To Overcome An Interview \fs20 from \ul\b\i http://www.freshersworld.com/interview/interview.htm\ulnone\b0\i0\par
                                                      Exclusively for Campus/Off-campus\par
\par
    So what if you are not a mountaineer. Or a keen hiker. You still cannot treat your interview like a careless morning trot along a jogger's path. Your jaw-jaw at the interview table is nothing less than a cautious climb up a mountain trail--which begins around your early childhood and meanders through the years at the academia before reaching a new summit in your career. And as you retrace your steps down memory lane make sure that you post flags at important landmarks of your life and career, so that you can pop them before the interview panel scoops them out of you. You don't want to be at the receiving end, do you?\par
\par
    Face the panel, but don't fall of the chair in a headlong rush-and-skid attempt to tell your story. Take one step at a time. Here are a few preparation tips from the Team of Freshersworld.com that books on interviews sometimes overlook. Remember, as a fresher you do not have anything to loose but to gain.\par
\par
TYPICAL QUESTIONS THAT AN INTERVIEWER WOULD ASK\par
\par
1.Tell me about yourself\par
The most often asked question in interviews. You need to have a short statement prepared in your mind. Be careful that it does not sound rehearsed. Limit it to work/Study-related items unless instructed otherwise. Talk about things you have done well at your college and how you wanted to perform in the first job.\par
\par
2. Why Should We Employ You?\par
For this question, your answer should list out strengths that you feel are relevant to the job. Given below are some answers which could help you with your answers. However, structure them to suit your requirements.\par
\par
I have good co-ordination skills\par
Good analytical skills\par
I can persuade people to see my point of view, and get the work done\par
My greatest asset is my ability to motivate people\par
Even during emergencies, I do not loose my cool\par
I have good entrepreneurial skills\par
I have consistently met my deadlines and targets\par
Can say \ldblquote no\rdblquote  to people when required to do so!\par
I am very co-operative with my sub-ordinates, and would like to see them grow\par
I am a good team player\par
I am very flexible, and have the ability to work hard under difficult work conditions\par
I have the experience and knowledge relevant to this job (Here, give appropriate details and examples)\par
\par
3. Do You Have Offers From Other Companies ?\par
This is of course a difficult question to answer. Obviously, you must have applied to other companies if you are looking for a job or would have some offers from other companies already. Therefore, do not lie that you have not. However, you are on thin ice here! The interviewer could be checking your honesty. On the other hand, he/she may also be trying to find out how focused you are - are you applying randomly, or is there a well-planned strategy?\par
Whatever your answer, it should match your career goals.\par
\par
4. What Salary Are You Expecting?\par
Try not to get into salary details early in the interview. If pressed, you could say that it all depends on the job, and would like to talk about it after a job offer. Say this in a convincing tone. In case you are asked this question in your latter interviews, give a direct answer. Do not sound apologetic while quoting the figure you have in mind.\par
\par
SALARY EXPECTATIONS :\par
\par
1. How much do you expect?\par
If you have done your homework, you would know how much other people in similar jobs are paid. Quote the range upfront.\par
\par
2. How much do you think you are worth?\par
Work out how much you should be paid, given the market value of the job and your skills. If you can bring some extra skills to the table, do not hesitate to ask for more than the market value.\par
\par
3. What kind of a culture are you comfortable with?\par
It is better to be frank about your preferences. Your interviewer will get a clear idea about your expectations.\par
\par
4. Which is more important to you-salary, perks or growth opportunities?\par
This one will reveal the real you. So be sure what you are going to say. Above all, be true to yourself. If you think this is a negotiation move, then say clearly that you will never sell yourself short.\par
\par
5. What do you know about our company?\par
Do not give your opinions about the company. Stick to reported facts that you have gathered from newspapers and so on. Talk about the product portfolio, size, income, and market perceptions of the company. Also it is better to refer details about each company before going for the interview from Freshersworld.com or PlacementWeek.com\par
\par
6. Why should we choose you over someone else?\par
Talk clearly about problems that you have solved in your College/Project Team and highlight the quality required.\par
\par
6. Your qualifications are excellent, but you may be overqualified for the position we have to offer?\par
Point out that more experience can never be a drawback. If you are multi-skilled, then highlight the fact that a company on the fast-track needs multi-skilled people. It needs people within different departments to work together. Also emphasise that the company's future growth will be an exponential function of your experience.\par
\par
QUESTIONS YOU SHOULD ASK :\par
\par
Interviewers usually round off by giving you an opportunity to ask questions. Treat it like a welcome opportunity.\par
You could ask questions like.\par
a) Tell me about your company.\par
b) Now that I have outlined my career goals, do you think you can offer me the opportunities I need?\par
c) What kind of training and learning can I expect in your company?\par
d) Describe the work culture and the management style of your company?\par
e) What is the long-term vision of your company?\par
\par
As a fresher, current position and status can impact the way you are interviewed. Fresh Out of College\par
\par
The basis on which you will be judged is your academic background, family background, and interests.\par
If looking for your first job, ensure that your previous experience, even if it is part-time, is noticed.\par
Mention projects or responsibilities you may have undertaken. This will indicate your area of aptitude.\par
You should be willing to put in regular hours, in line with the company's policies. The interviewer needs to know whether you can be punctual and put in full-time work.\par
In case you have applied for the post of management trainee, you should display an ability to adapt, and indicate all-round interests. Moreover, you should have good interpersonal skills.\par
You should be enthusiastic to learn, and show commitment towards the organization, as the company will be spending a lot on your training.\par
\par
Bring with you :\par
a) Copies of your resumes\par
b) References and letters of recommendations.\par
\par
First Impressions :\par
There is a common saying that minds are made up within the first 5 minutes of an interview. So keep in mind these important first impression indicators. Walk in the door as if you already work there, carry yourself as though you feel perfectly comfortable with the situation. Arrive on time or a little early. In the waiting area, politely tell the receptionist who you are meeting and in a friendly way, ask where you should sit. Take slow, deep breaths to help you remain calm and focused. When introduced to the interviewer, have a firm, but not painful, handshake. Smile. Have good posture when sitting or standing. Introduce yourself in a relaxed, confident manner. Have a well-groomed, professional appearance. Project a feeling of confidence. Bring extra copies of your resume, some thing to write on and something to write with.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs36 Seven Commandments for Success in Campus Interviews :\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
\par
Campus Interview \'85 Hmm\'85 is what one looks forward to with enthusiasm, fear and   excitement towards  the beginning of the final year .\par
\par
  For some it's a make or break, atleast that's the way it's looked at and for some it's a matter of pride. The constant thought in one's mind is - what shall make this click! What is it that the interviewer is looking in me!\par
\par
Here's what we look for when we visit the various campuses. This by no means is an exhaustive list but is a good indication of the expectations and the mean s to meet these. Freshersworld.com present you the 7-Commandments.\par
\par
1. Know Thyself\par
\par
Not everyone is good in each and every field. Each one of us has our fortes and weaknesses too. But that's not a stumbling block! What we look for are people who know their area of specialization and are an expert in it. Therefore, it pays to be a master in some fields if not the jack of all.\par
\par
The most common mistakes many make is to profess knowing a field of which they know little about. Remember that huge and bulky resumes are as tough to read as they are to make. So, identify your skill set, and keep your resumes simple and straight. Know your limits and polish on your strengths.\par
\par
2. Testing What You Know and NOT What You Don't.\par
\par
Many interviewers may ask the student the subjects that she/he wishes to be interviewed upon. Eureka !! Here's a golden opportunity. Answer this wisely! Never end up choosing a difficult subject that you  know only little about, rather choose the one you are most confident of.\par
\par
3. Rack Your Brain - Analyze\par
\par
The interview is not just limited to testing your knowledge base, but we are also interested in knowing your ability to apply it. Often questions that need to be solved then and there are asked. Now keep in mind - the right answer is not the only thing being looked at. The focus area is also the way in which you attack the problem i.e. approach to problem solving is equally important.\par
\par
So, remember to put your thinking caps on!\par
\par
4. Ask for Help!\par
\par
Murphy chooses to strike at the appropriate time! In spite of the fact that you may know something very well, it might just slip your mind. After all, heavy preparation does takes its toll. Who better to ask for help than the poser of the question (of course, don't try this too often!)!\par
\par
Remember the interviewer is not there to grill the confidence out of you, but to bring forth the best in. Just in case you are stuck, ask for a hint. Things might just click. Also, stay alert for clues.\par
\par
5. What are your biggest accomplishments\par
\par
You may like to begin your reply with: "Although I feel my biggest achievements are still ahead of me, I am proud of my involvement with\'85\'85I made my contribution as part of that team and learnt a lot in the process".\par
\par
It will be a good idea to close your answer with also specifying what attributes and circumstances made you succeed.\par
\par
6. Be Calm, have Clear Verbal and Sound Non-Verbal Communication\par
\par
Calmness shows emotional maturity. True, being calm in a job interview is a difficult proposition, but then that is where it is required! Calmness does not imply being unenthusiastic or apathetic during the interview, but knowing that you are nervous and not letting it come in the way. A clear verbal communication implies clarity of the thought process.\par
\par
One should also watch out for the impressions made in non-verbal communication. Body language and facial expressions can assist you in establishing a good rapport with the interviewer. Pauses, silences and gestures may all indicate what you mean, understand, or would like to emphasize.\par
\par
7. Two-Way Exchange Process\par
\par
The interview process is a two-way exchange of information. Make sure you also understand about the company, its activities, job requirements. The company is in need for good candidates and you need a good company to launch your career.\par
\par
Interview is an opportunity to present yourself and your skills to your best advantage. Make sure you make the most out of it. And YOU are the best one to do it!!\par
}
 