{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2{\*\fname Symbol;}MT Symbol;}{\f2\froman Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil Symbol;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs36\b Wipro Sample Test #1\plain\f2\fs24 \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf2\ul Home\plain\f2\fs24 \tab 
\par \pard\qr\plain\f2\fs24\cf2\ul Back To Wipro Page\plain\f2\fs24 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs24 1. An electron moving in an electromagnetic field moves in a 
\par (a) In a straight path 
\par (b) Along the same plane in the direction of its propagation
\par (c) Opposite to the original direction of propagation
\par (d) In a sine wave
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 2. The total work done on the particle is equal to the change in its kinetic energy
\par (a) Always
\par (b) Only if the forces acting on the body are conservative.
\par (c) Only if the forces acting on the body are gravitational.
\par (d) Only if the forces acting on the body are elastic.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 3. The following unit measure energy:
\par (a) Kilo-watt hour.
\par (b) Volt*volt/sec*ohm.
\par (c) Pascal*foot*foot
\par (d) (Coulomb*coulomb)*farad
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 4. Astronauts in stable orbits around the earth are in a state of weightlessness because
\par (a) There is no gravitational force acting on them.
\par (b) The satellite and the air inside it have an acceleration equal to that of gravitational acceleration there.
\par (c) The gravitational force of the earth and the sun balance giving null resultant.
\par (d) There is no atmosphere at the height at which the satellites move.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 5. An organ pipe, open at both ends and another organ pipe closed at one end, 
\par will resonate with each other, if their lengths are in the ratio of
\par (a) 1:1
\par (b) 1:4
\par (c) 2:1
\par (d) 1:2
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 6. During an isothermal expansion of an ideal gas
\par (a) Its internal energy increases.
\par (b) Its internal energy decreases.
\par (c) Its internal energy does not change.
\par (d) The work done by the gas is not equal to the quantity of heat absorbed by it.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 7. A parallel plate capaciator is charged and the charging battery is then disconnected.
\par If the plates of the capacitor are moved further apart by means of insulating handles
\par (a) The charge on the capacitor increases.
\par (b) The voltage across the plates increases.
\par (c) The capacitance increases.
\par (d) The electrostatic energy stored in the capacitor decreases.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 8. Two equal negative charges q are fixed at point (0,a) and (0,-a) on the y-axis.
\par A positive charge Q is released from rest at the point (2a,0) on the x-axis. The charge Q will
\par (a) Execute simple harmonic motion about the origin
\par (b) Move to the origin and remain at rest
\par (c) Move to infinity
\par (d) Execute oscillatory but not simple harmonic motion
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 9. A square conducting loop of length Lon a side carries a current I.
\par The magnetic field at the centre of the loop is
\par (a) Independant of L
\par (b) Proportional to L*L
\par (c) Inversely proportoinal to L
\par (d) Directly proportional to L
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 10. The focal length of a convex lens when placed in air and then in water will
\par (a) Increase in water with respect to air
\par (b) Increase in air with respect to water
\par (c) Decrease in water with respect to. air
\par (d) Remain the same
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 11. The maximum kinectic energy of the photoelectron emitted from the surface is dependant on
\par (a) The intensity of incident radiation
\par (b) The potential of the collector electrode
\par (c) The frequency of incident radiation
\par (d) The angle of incidence of radiation of the surface
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 12. An electron orbiting in a circular orbit around the nucleus of the atom 
\par (a) Has a magnetic dipole moment
\par (b) Exerts an electric force on the nucleus equal to that on it by the nucleus
\par (c) Does not produce a magnetic induction at the nucleus
\par (d) All of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 13. The X-rays beam coming from an X-ray tube will be:
\par (a) Monochromatic
\par (b) Having all wavelengths smaller than a certain minimum wavelength
\par (c) Having all wavelengths larger than a certain minimum wavelength
\par (d) Having all wavelengths lying between a minimum and a maximum wavelength
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 14. The mass number of a nucleus is
\par (a) Always less than its atomic number
\par (b) Always more than its atomic number
\par (c) Always equal to its atomic number
\par (d) Sometimes more and sometimes equal to its atomic number
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 15. Two successive elements belonging to the first transition series have the same number 
\par of electrons partially filling orbitals. They are
\par (a) V and Cr
\par (b) Ti and V
\par (c) Mn and Cr
\par (d) Fe and Co
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 16. When\plain\f2\fs24\i  n+l\plain\f2\fs24  has the same value for two or more orbitals,the new electron enters the orbital where
\par (a) n is maximum
\par (b) n is minimum
\par (c) l is maximum
\par (d) l is minimum
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 17. A balloon filled with ethylene is pricked with a sharp pointed needle and quickly placed in a tank 
\par full of hydrogen at the same pressure. After a while the balloon would have
\par (a) Shrunk
\par (b) Enlarged
\par (c) Completely collapsed
\par (d) Remain unchanged in size
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 18. Which of the following statements is not true?
\par (a) The ratio of the mean speed to the rms speed is independant of temperature
\par (b) Tthe square of the mean speed of the molecules is equal to the mean squared speed at a certain temperature
\par (c) Mean kinetic energy of the gas molecules at any given temperature is independant of the mean speed
\par (d) None
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 19. Which of the following statements represent Raoult's Law
\par (a) Mole fraction of solvent = ratio of vapour pressure of the solution to vapour pressure of the solvent
\par (b) Mole fraction of solute = ratio of vapour pressure of the solution to vapour pressure of the solvent
\par (c) Mole fraction of solute = lowering of vapour pressure of the solution
\par (d) Mole fraction of solvent = lowering of vapour pressure of the solution
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 20. Elements having the same atomic number and the same atomic mass are known as 
\par (a) Isotopes
\par (b) Isotones
\par (c) Isomers
\par (d) None of the above
\par 
\par 21.Which is the most acidic amongst
\par (a) Nitrophenol
\par (b) O-toulene
\par (c) Phenol
\par (d) Cresol
\par 
\par 22. Pure water does not conduct electricity because it is
\par (a) Almost not ionised
\par (b) Low boiling
\par (c) Neutral
\par (d) Readily decomposed
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 23. In a salt bridge, KCl is used because
\par (a) It is an electrolyte
\par (b) The transference number of K+ and Cl\'af is nearly the same
\par (c) It is a good conductor of electricity
\par (d) All of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 24. A depolarizer used in the dry cell batteries is
\par (a) KCl
\par (b) MnO2
\par (c) KOH
\par (d) None of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 25. The hydrolysis of alkyl halides by aqueous NaOH is best termed as
\par (a) Electrophylic substitution reaction
\par (b) Electrophylic addition reaction
\par (c) Nnucleophylic addition reaction
\par (d) Nucleophylic substitution reaction
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 26. The hydrocarbon that gives a red precipitate with ammoniacal cuprous chloride is (where '\plain\f4\fs24 \'ba\plain\f2\fs24 ' means a triple bond)
\par (a) CH3-CH2-CH2-CH3
\par (b) CH3-C\plain\f4\fs24 \'ba\plain\f2\fs24 C-CH3
\par (c) CH2=CH-CH=CH2
\par (d) CH3-CH2-C\plain\f4\fs24 \'ba\plain\f2\fs24 CH 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 27. Which of the following reagents is neither neutral nor basic
\par (a) Lucas' reagent
\par (b) Tollen's reagent
\par (c) Bayer's reagent
\par (d) Fehling's solution
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 28. The substance which is most easily nitrated
\par (a) Toluene
\par (b) Bbenzene
\par (c) Nitrobenzene
\par (d) Chlorobenzene
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 29. Carbylamine reaction is a test for
\par (a) Primary amine
\par (b) Secondary amine
\par (c) Tertiary amine
\par (d) Quarternary ammonium salt
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 30. Which of the following oxides cannot be reduced by carbon to obtain metal
\par (a) ZnO
\par (b) Al2O3
\par (c) Fe2O3
\par (d) PbO
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 31. Which of the following is not an oxide ore?
\par (a) Cassiterite
\par (b) Siderite
\par (c) Pyrolusite
\par (d) Bauxite
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 32. Which among the following is called philosopher's wool
\par (a) Cellulose
\par (b) Calamine
\par (c) Stellite
\par (d) Cerussite
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 33. Out of 10 white, 9 black and 7 red balls, in how many ways can we select one or more balls
\par (a) 234
\par (b) 52
\par (c) 630
\par (d) 879
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 34. A and B throw a dice. The probabilty that A's throw is not greater than B's is
\par (a) 5/12
\par (b) 7/12
\par (c) 11/12
\par (d) 5/36
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 35. Given two numbers a and b. Let A denote the single AM between these and S denote the sum of n AMs
\par between them. Then S/A depends upon
\par (a) n
\par (b) n,a
\par (c) n,b
\par (d) n,a,b
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 36. If the sum of the roots of the equation ax\'b2+bx+c=0 is equal to the sum of the squares of their reciprocals,
\par then, a/c, b/a, c/b are in
\par (a) AP
\par (b) GP
\par (c) HP
\par (d) None of the these
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par In the following questions ~ represents the integral sign-for eg. 1~2[f(x)] means integration of 
\par the function f(x) over the interval 1 to2.
\par 37. Value of -1~2[|2-x\'b2|]dx, ie integration of the function |2-x\'b2| over the interval -1 to 2.
\par (a) 0
\par (b) 1
\par (c) 2
\par (d) None of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 38. If 0~\plain\f4\fs24 P\plain\f2\fs24 [log sinx]dx=k,then the value of 0~\plain\f4\fs24 P\plain\f2\fs24 /4[log(1 + tan x)]dx ,where\plain\f4\fs24  P\plain\f2\fs24  stands for pi,is
\par (a) -k/4
\par (b) k/4
\par (c) -k/8
\par (d) k/8
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 39. If a,b,c be in GP and p,q be respectively AM between a,b and b,c then
\par (a) 2/b=1/p+1/q
\par (b) 2/b=1/p-1/q
\par (c) 2=a/p-c/q
\par (d) None of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 40. A solution of KMnO4 is reduced to MnO2 .The normality of solution is 0.6.The molarity is 
\par (a) 1.8M
\par (b) 0.6M
\par (c) 0.1M
\par (d) 0.2M
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\i The questions 41-46 are based on the following pattern.The problems below contain a question 
\par and two statements giving certain data. You have to decide whether the data given in the 
\par statements are sufficient for answering the questions.The correct answer is \plain\f2\fs24 
\par (A) If statement (I) alone is sufficient but statement (II) alone is not sufficient.
\par (B) If statement(II) alone is sufficient but statement(I) alone is not sufficient.
\par (C) If both statements together are sufficient but neither of statements alone is sufficient.
\par (D) If both together are not sufficient.
\par 41. What is John's age?
\par (I) In 15 years John will be twice as old as Dias would be
\par (II) Dias was born 5 years ago
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (C)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 42. What is the distance from city A to city C in kms?
\par (I) City A is 90 kms from City B 
\par (II) City B is 30 kms from City C
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (D)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 43.Is A=C ? A,B,C are real numbers
\par (I) A-B=B-C
\par (II) A-2C = C-2B
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (C)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 44. What is the 30th term of a given sequence ?
\par (I) The first two terms of the sequence are 1,1/2
\par (II) The common difference is -1/2
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (A)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 45.Was Avinash early, on time or late for work?
\par (I) He thought his watch was 10 minutes fast
\par (II) Actually his watch was 5 minutes slow
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (D)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 46. What is the value of A if A is an integer?
\par (I) A\plain\f2\fs16\up12 4 \plain\f2\fs24 = 1
\par (II) A3 + 1 = 0
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (B)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 47. A person travels 12 km in the southward direction and then travels 5km to the right and then travels 15km toward the right and finally travels 5km towards the east, how far is he from his starting place?
\par (a) 5.5 kms
\par (b) 3 km
\par (c) 13 km 
\par (d) 6.4 km
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 48. X's father's wife's father's granddaughter uncle will be related to X as
\par (a) Son
\par (b) Nephew
\par (c) Uncle
\par (d) Grandfather
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 49. Find the next number in the series \plain\f2\fs24\b 1, 3 ,7 ,13 ,21 ,31\plain\f2\fs24 
\par (a) 43
\par (b) 33
\par (c) 41
\par (d) 45
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 50. If in a certain code "RANGE" is coded as 12345 and "RANDOM" is coded as 123678.
\par Then the code for the word "MANGO" would be
\par (a) 82357
\par (b) 89343
\par (c) 84629
\par (d) 82347
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 51. If "PROMPT" is coded as QSPLOS ,then "PLAYER" should be
\par (a) QMBZFS
\par (b) QWMFDW
\par (c) QUREXM
\par (d) URESTI
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\i The questions 52-53 are based on the following data\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 6 people A,B,C,D,E and F sit around a table for dinner.Since A does not like C, he doesn't sit either opposite or beside C.B and F always like to sit opposite each other.
\par 52. If A is beside F then who is are the two neighbours of B?
\par (a) D and C
\par (b) E and C
\par (c) D and E
\par (d) Either (a) or (b)
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 53. If D is adjacent to F then who is adjacent to C?
\par (a) E and B
\par (b) D and A
\par (c) D and B
\par (d) either (a) or (c)
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans.(d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 54. Complete the sequence \plain\f2\fs24\b A, E ,I ,M ,Q ,U , _ , _\plain\f2\fs24 
\par (a) B, F
\par (b) Y, C
\par (c) G, I
\par (d) K, O
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans.(b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 55. A person travels 6km towards west, then travels 5km towards north ,then finally travels 
\par 6km towards west. Where is he with respect to his starting position?
\par (a) 13km east
\par (b) 13km northeast
\par (c) 13km northwest
\par (d) 13km west
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 56. If A speaks the truth 80% of the times, B speaks the truth 60% of the times.
\par What is the probability that they tell the truth at the same time
\par (a) 0.8
\par (b) 0.48
\par (c) 0.6
\par (d) 0.14
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans.(b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 57. If the time quantum is too large, Round Robin scheduling degenerates to 
\par (a) Shortest Job First Scheduling
\par (b) Multilevel Queue Scheduling 
\par (c) FCFS 
\par (d) None of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 58. Transponders are used for which of the following purposes
\par (a) Uplinking
\par (b) Downlinking
\par (c) Both (a) and (b)
\par (d) None of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 59. The format specifier "-%d" is used for which purpose in C
\par (a) Left justifying a string
\par (b) Right justifying a string
\par (c) Removing a string from the console
\par (d) Used for the scope specification of a char[] variable
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 60. Virtual functions allow you to
\par (a) Create an array of type pointer-to-base-class that can hold pointers to derived classes
\par (b) Create functions that have no body
\par (c) Group objects of different classes so they can all be accessed by the same function code 
\par (d) Use the same function call to execute member functions to objects from different classes
\par 
\par 62. A sorting algorithm which can prove to be a best time algorithm in one case 
\par and a worst time algorithm in worst case is
\par (a) Quick Sort
\par (b) Heap Sort
\par (c) Merge Sort
\par (d) Insert Sort
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 63. What details should never be found in the top level of a top-down design?
\par (a) Details
\par (b) Coding
\par (c) Decisions
\par (d) None of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (c)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 64. In an absolute loading scheme, which loader function is accomplished by assembler
\par (a) Reallocation
\par (b) Allocation
\par (c) Linking
\par (d) Both (a) and (b)
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 65. Banker's algorithm for resource allocation deals with
\par (a) Deadlock prevention
\par (b) Deadlock avoidance
\par (c) Deadlock recovery
\par (d) None of these
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 66. Thrashing can be avoided if 
\par (a) The pages, belonging to the working set of the programs, are in main memory
\par (b) The speed of CPU is increased
\par (c) The speed of I/O processor are increased
\par (d) All of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 67. Which of the following communications lines is best suited to interactive processing applications?
\par (a) Narrowband channels
\par (b) Simplex channels
\par (c) Full-duplex channels
\par (d) Mixedband channels
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (b)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 68. A feasibility document should contain all of the following except
\par (a) Project name
\par (b) Problem descriptions
\par (c) Feasible alternative
\par (d) Data flow diagrams
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 69. What is the main function of a data link content monitor?
\par (a) To detect problems in protocols
\par (b) To determine the type of transmission used in a data link
\par (c) To determine the type of switching used in a data link
\par (d) To determine the flow of data
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 70. Which of the following is a broadband communications channel?
\par (a) Coaxial cable
\par (b) Fiber optic cable
\par (c) Microwave circuits
\par (d) All of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 71. Which of the following memories has the shortest access time?
\par (a) Cache memory
\par (b) Magnetic bubble memory
\par (c) Magnetic core memory
\par (d) RAM
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 72. A shift register can be used for 
\par (a) Parallel to serial conversion
\par (b) Serial to parallel conversion
\par (c) Digital delay line
\par (d) All the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 73. In which of the following page replacement policies, Balady's anomaly occurs?
\par (a) FIFO
\par (b) LRU
\par (c) LFU
\par (d) NRU
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (a)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 74. Subschema can be used to
\par (a) Create very different, personalised views of the same data
\par (b) Present information in different formats
\par (c) Hide sensitive information by omitting fields from the sub-schema's description
\par (d) All of the above
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf1 Ans. (d)\plain\f2\fs24 
\par 
\par 75. Question on l-values in automata
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs24\cf2\ul Back to top\plain\f2\fs24 
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs20 
\par }
 