GATE SYALLUBUS FOR ELECTRONICS AND COMMUNICATION ENGINEERING
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NETWORK: Network graphs: 

matrices associated with graphs; incidence, fundamental cut set and fundamental
 circuit matrices. Solution methodsl; nodal and mesh analysis.  Network theorems; 
superposition, Thevenin and Nortan's, maximum power transfer, wye-delta 
transformation, steady state sinusoidal analysis using phasors, fourier series,
 linear constant coefficient differential and difference equations; time domain 
analysis of simple RLC circuits. laplace and Z transforms: frequency domain 
analysis of RLC circuits, convolution,2-port network parameters, driving point and
 transfer functions, state equation for networks.


ANALOG CIRCUITS: 

characteristics and equivalent circuits(large and small singnal) of 
diodes,BJT,JFETs and MOSFET simple diode circuits: clipping, clamping, rectifier, 
biasing and bias stability of transistior and FET amplifiers. Amplifiers: single 
and multi-stage, differential, operational, feedback and power. Analysis of 
amplifers; frequency response of amplifiers. Simple op-amp circuits. Filters. 
Sinusoidal oscillators; criterion for oscillation; single-transistor and op-amp
 configurations.  Function generators and wave-shaping circuits, Power supplies.


DIGITAL CIRCUITS: 

Boolean algebra; minimization of boolean functions; logic gates; digital IC 
families( DTL,TTL,ECL,MOS,CMOS). Combinational circuits: airthmetic circuits, code 
converters, multiplexers and decoders. Sequential circuits: latches and flip-flops,
 counters and shift-registers. Comparators, timers, multivibrators.  Sample and 
hold circuits, ADCs and DACs. Semiconductor memories. Microprocessor (8085): 
architecture, programming, memory and I/O interfacing 


CONTROL SYSTEMS: 

Basic control system components; block diagrammatic descripption,reduction of block
 diagrams,properties of systems: linearity,time-invariance,stability,causality.Open
 loop and closed loop (feedback) systems.Special properties of linear time-
invariance(LTI) systems-transfer function, impulse responce,poles,zeros,their 
significance, and stability analysis of these systems. Signal flow graphs and their 
use in determining transfer functions of systems; transient and steaty state 
analysis of LTI system and frequency responce. Tools and techniques for LTI control
 system analysis: Root, loci, Routh_Hurwitz criterion, Bode and Nyquist plots; 
Control system compensators: elements of lead and lag compensations, elements 
ofPropotional-integral

-Derivative(PID) control. State variable representation and solution of state 
equation for LTI systems.


COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS: 

Fourier analysis of signals - amplitude, phase and power spectrum, auto-correlation
 and cross-correlation and their Fourier transforms. Signal transmission through 
linear time-invariant(LTI) systems,impulse responce and frequency responce,group 
delay phase delay. Analog modulation systems-amplitude and angle modulation and 
demodulation systems, spectral analysis of these operations, superheterodyne 
receivers, elements of hardwares realizations of analog communications systems. 
Basic sampling theorems. Pulse code modulation(PCM), differential pulse code 
modulation(DPCM), delta modulation(DM). Digital modulation schemes: amplitude, 
phase and frequency shift keying schemes(ASK,PSK,FSK). Multiplexing - time division 
and frequency division. Additive Gaussian noise; characterization using 
correlation, probability density function(PDF),power spectral density(PSD). Signal-
to-noise rasio(SNR) calculations for amplitude modulation(AM) and frequency 
modulation(FM) for low noise conditions.


ELECTROMAGNETICS: 

Elements of vector calculus: gradient, dicergence and curl; Gauss and strokes 
theorems, maxwells equation: differential and integral forms. Wave equation. 
Poynting vector. Plane wavwes: propagation through various media; reflection and 
refraction; phase and group velocity; skin depth Transmission lines: Characteristic 
impedence; impedence transformation; smith chart; impedence matching pulse 
excitation. Wave guides: modes in rectangular waveguides; boundary conditions; 
cutt-off frequencies; dipersion relations. Antennas; Dipole antennas; antenna 
arrays; radiation pattern; reciprocity theorem; antenna gain. 



----------------------------------------------------------
Visit: http://www.OneSmartClick.com  for more info.
