It is not possible to remember all the subjects that
we,ve learnt but he insisted that be strong in basics
and 1 or 2 subjects of our interest.

-While entering the interview panel wish all of them
like "Good morning everybody".

-Wear a neat dress,tie,polished shoes and have a
pleasant smell(use sents)

-IEEE has suggested some 10 points(like how a
professional should be)..and he told that the 10th
point is very important to suceed(refer the website)

-Be honest on whatever you are speaking because the
interviewers can easily judge on the way you speak

-Whatever details u give in u r resume be ready to
face any sort of questions from that

-Read English Newspapers for 45 minutes

-Talk in English as much as possible

-If u have any failures for example arrears in early
semesters tell the interviewer "the reason for
arrear..and what the failure taught u and how u
developed urself because of that failure"

-If u play for example football and if the interviewer
is asking about that tell like "u learnt team working
from playing that game.If I had lesser chances of
putting a goal,then I would pass the ball to my friend
who had more chances of putting the goal..So,I learnt
Yeam working..(like that)

-Having a good ideas about the current events is very
useful

-Before attending an interview do a good research of
that company and during the interview "relate the
goals of that company with u r skill set and tell them
how u can be a useful asset to the company"

-The requirement of people in IT is very huge that all
of us can get a job.The only reason is they need the
right people and we've to do a good preparation for
that..

-He insisted that "We dont need geniuses.All the
people sitting here are intelligent.We need the people
who suits us and who meets the above said requirements
which is possible for everyone to do"

 
Yours
Chandrasekaran R
