{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fmodern Courier New;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20                                     TCS 
\par 
\par                                                         [Home | Prev | Next]
\par 
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Verbal Quantitative Critical Reasoning Interview
\par 
\par SECTION 1 INTURN CONSISTS OF THREE PARTS.
\par 
\par PART 1
\par 
\par VERBAL---
\par 
\par IT CONSISTS OF 40 WORDS WHICH HAVE 5 MULTIPLE ANSWERS FOR THEM.
\par 
\par THE MAIN WORDS WHICH I REMEMBER ARE AS FOLLOWS:
\par 
\par (YOU SHOULD LEARN THE SYNONYMS OF THESE---)
\par 
\par merry= gay
\par alienate= estrange
\par solicit= beechat
\par heap= to pile
\par cargo= freight
\par momentary= transient
\par volume= quantity
\par veer= diverge
\par dispel= dissipate
\par admonish= cautious
\par meager= scanty
\par latitude= scope
\par latent= potential
\par covet= crave
\par discretion= prudence
\par latent= potential
\par emanicipate= liberate
\par lethargy= stupor
\par concur= acquiesce
\par confiscate= appropriate
\par baffle= frustrate
\par subside= wane
\par misery= distress
\par pretentious= ostentatious
\par tranquil= serene
\par efface= obliterate
\par obstinate= stubborn
\par hover= linger
\par caprice= whim
\par belate= too late
\par renounce= reject
\par brim= border
\par divulge= reveal
\par lament= wail
\par bileaf= conviction
\par adhesive= tenacious
\par furtive= stealthy
\par hamper= obstruct
\par to merit= to deserve
\par 
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par SECTION 1 PART B 20MIN 30 marks 15 QUANTITATIVE.
\par 
\par THESE ARE SOME PROBLEMS :
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par 1.) two pencils cost 8 cents. then 5 pencils cost?
\par (20 cents)
\par 
\par 2. A work is done by the people in 24 minutes. One of them can do
\par this workalonely in 40 minutes. How much time to do the same work
\par for the second person?
\par (60 minutes)
\par 
\par 3. A car is filled with four and half gallons of fuel for a round trip.
\par Fuel is taken 1/4 more in going then coming. What is the fuel
\par consumed in coming up? (2 gallons)
\par 
\par 4.Low temperature at the night in a city is 1/3 more than 1/2 high as
\par higher temperature in a day. Sum of the low tem. and highest temp.
\par is 100 degrees. Then what is the low temp? (40 deg.)
\par 
\par 5. A person, who decided to go to weekened trip should not
\par exceed 8 hours driving in a day. Average speed of forward journey
\par is 40 m/h. Due to traffic in sundays, the return journey average speed
\par is 30 m/h. How far he can select a picnic spot?
\par a) 120 miles
\par b) between 120 and 140 miles
\par c) 160 miles
\par ans: 120 miles
\par 
\par 6. A salesperson multiplied a number and get the answer 3,
\par instead of that number devided by 3.
\par what is the answer he actually has to get?
\par 1 x 3 = 3
\par so number = 1
\par devided by 3, the ans. is 1/3.
\par 
\par 7. A ship started from port and moving with I miles per hour and another
\par ship started from L and moving with H miles per hour.
\par At which place these two ships meet? (between I and J, nearer to J)
\par 
\par |----|----|----|----|----|----|
\par port G H I J K L
\par 
\par 8. A building with height D shadow upto G. A neighbour building with
\par what height shadows C feet. (height = B ft)
\par 
\par |----|----|----|----|----|----|----|
\par A B C D E F G H
\par 
\par 9. A person was fined for exceeding the speed limit by 10 mph.
\par Another person was also fined for exceeding the same speed limit
\par by twice the same. If the second person was travelling at a
\par speed of 35 mph, find the speed limit. (15 mph)
\par 
\par 10.A bus started from bustand at 8.00am, and after 30 minutes staying
\par at destination, it returned back to the busstand. The destination
\par is 27 miles from the busstand. The speed of the bus is 18mph. In
\par return journey bus travels with 50% fast speed.
\par At what time it returns to the busstand? (11.00am).
\par 
\par 11.In a mixture, R is 2 parts, S is 1 part. In aoder to make S to
\par 25% of the mixture, howmuch R is to be added? ( one part of R)
\par 
\par 12. wind flows 160 miles in 330 min, for 80 miles how much time required.
\par 
\par 13. with 4/5 full tank vehicle travels 12 miles, with 1/3 full tank
\par how much distance travels ( 5 miles )
\par 
\par 14. two trees are there. one grows at 3/5 of the other in 4 years,
\par total growth of trees is 8 ft. what growth will smaller tree will have
\par in 2 years ( < 2 ft. )
\par 
\par 15. A storm will move with a velocity of towards the centre in hours,
\par At the same rate how much far will it move in hrs.
\par ( but the answer is 8/3 or 2 2/3 )
\par 
\par SECTION-1 PART-3 marks-50 questions-50 30 min
\par 
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par CRITICAL REASONING
\par 
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par 1. My father has no brothers. he has three sisters who has two childs each.
\par My grandfather has sons.
\par 
\par a) my grandfather has two sons (false)
\par b) three of my aunts have two sons (can't say)
\par c) my father is only child to his father (false)
\par d) i have six cousins from jmy mother side (can't say)
\par e) i have one uncle (false)
\par 
\par 2. Ether injected into gallablader to dissolve galstones. this type oneday
\par treatment is enough for gallastones not for calcium stones. this method is
\par alternative to surgery for millions of people who are suffering from this
\par disease.
\par 
\par a) calcium stones can be cured in oneday (false)
\par b) hundreds of people contains calcium stones (can't say)
\par c) surgery is the only treatment to calcium stones (true)
\par d) Eather will be injected into the gallblader to cure the
\par cholostrol based gall stones (true)
\par 
\par 3. Hacking is illegal entry into other computer. this is done mostly because
\par 
\par of lack of knowledge of computer networking with networks one machine can
\par access to another machine. hacking go about without knowing that each
\par network
\par is accredited to use network facility.
\par 
\par a) Hacking people never break the code of the company which they
\par work for (can't say)
\par b) Hacking is the only vulnerability of the computers for the usage
\par of the data. (false)
\par c) Hacking is done mostly due to the lack of computer knowledge. (false)
\par (there will be some more questions in this one)
\par 
\par 4. Alphine tunnels are closed tunnels. in the past 30 years not even a
\par single
\par accident has been recorded for there is one accident in the rail road
\par system.
\par even in case of a fire accident it is possible to shift the passengers into
\par adjacent wagons and even the living fire can be detected and extinguished
\par with in the duration of 30 min.
\par 
\par a) no accident can occur in the closed tunnels (false)
\par b) fire is allowed to live for 30 min. (false)
\par c) all the care that travel in the tunnels will be carried by rail
\par shutters. (true)
\par d)
\par 
\par 5. In the past helicopters are forced to ground or crash because of the
\par formation of the ice on the rotors and engines. a new electronic device
\par has been developed which can detect the watercontent in the atmosphere and
\par warns the pilot if the temp. is below freezing temp. about the formation
\par of the ice on the rotors and wings.
\par 
\par a) the electronic device can avoid formation of the ice on the wings(false)
\par b) there will be the malfunction of rotor & engine because of formation
\par of ice (true)
\par c) the helicopters are to be crashed or down (true)
\par d) there is only one device that warn about the formation of ice. (true)
\par 
\par 6. In the survey conducted in mumbai out of 63 newly married house wives
\par not a single house wife felt that the husbands should take equal part in the
\par 
\par household work as they felt they loose their power over their husbands.
\par inspite of their careers they opt to do the kitchen work themselves after
\par coming back to home. the wives get half as much leisure time as the husbands
\par 
\par get at the week ends.
\par 
\par a) housewives want the husbands to take part equally in the household(false)
\par 
\par b) wives have half as much leisure time as the husbands have (false)
\par c) 39% of the men will work equally in the house in cleaning and
\par washing(can'tsay)
\par d)
\par 
\par 7. In confucius days the technology development was less and it took weeks
\par to communicate a message. wherein we can send it through satellite with in
\par no time........ even with this fast developments it has become difficult to
\par understand each other.
\par 
\par a) people were not intelligent during confucius days (false)
\par b) transport facilities are very much improved in now-a-days(true)
\par c) even with the fast developments of the technology we cannot live
\par happily. (can't say)
\par d) we can understand the people very much with the development of
\par communication. (false)
\par 
\par 8. Senior manager in a big company said that new japanies company invades
\par in India for transfering the cars from industrial and warned that jobs were
\par under threat from japanies company. They stated that increasing competence
\par would be coupled with an inevitable down term in car market and recent rise
\par in interest rate which has already hit demand.
\par 
\par a) manager issue their warning after a rise in interest rate (true)
\par b) manager told workers that japanies workers are taking jobs away from
\par indian workers (false)
\par c) manager said that more people want to buy new cars in future (false)
\par d) increasing rate of interest mean that japanies firm will create into
\par operate in the country
\par 
\par 9. Human existence is suspecious of arbitrary divide between concise and
\par unconcise. The concise world invades shape activity of the unconcise, while
\par many of great activity of humanity waking as whole or partially improved
\par by dreams. Even it could be ignored that dreams precede exceptional such a
\par dichotomy could not be drawn as the influence of dream on waking state would
\par 
\par reamin unclear. But as yet no company rebuilt exists to record the
\par substitute
\par of prendtl dreaming.
\par 
\par a) sleepy can be creative state (true)
\par b) it is difficult to tell whether a sleeper is dream or not (true)
\par c) if we know what babies would dream about before they are born we could
\par show that the concise and unconcise mind influence on one another
\par d) it is untrue claim that concise and unconcise world never impinge
\par one another (true)
\par 
\par 10. Any one who has has systematic exam phases will have perceived a
\par profound although not a prolif of asymmetry whether or not the exception
\par is volitions and self control of spontoneous appeal to predict facial as
\par symmetry as does the type of emotion potrayed. position can not displace
\par symmetric at left side regret of a negative emotion is more common posed
\par expression negation emotions are likely to be symmetric representation
\par and where as symmetric occurs relative left sided expression is more common.
\par 
\par a) any angry person is more likely to have left sided expression than
\par some one who has smiling (true)
\par b) an actor is likely to smile symmetric when acting (false)
\par c) delecious facial expression will always be as symmetrical
\par 
\par 11. In the totalitarian days, the words have very much devalued. In the
\par present day, they are becoming domestic that is the words will be much more
\par devalued. In those days, the words will be very much affected in political
\par area. But at present, the words came very cheap, we can say they come free
\par at cost.
\par 
\par a) totalitarian society words are devalued (true)
\par b) totalitarian will have to come much about words
\par c) the art totalitarian society the words are used for the political
\par speeches (true)
\par d)
\par 
\par 12. There should be copyright for all arts. the rule has come that all the
\par arts has come under one copy right society, they were use the money that
\par come from the arts for the developments. There may be a lot of money will
\par come from the Tagore works. we have to ask the benifiters from Tagore work
\par to help for the development of his works.
\par 
\par a) Tagore works are come under this copy right rule (false)
\par b) people gives to theater and collect the money for development(can't say)
\par c) people are free to go to the because of the copy right rule
\par (can't say)
\par d) we have ask the Tagore residents to help for the developments of art.
\par (can't say)
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Regarding Interview:
\par 
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par you should say everything confidently, whatever you say tell them frankly
\par and confidently i.e. I will do this, I will definetely learn within this
\par period, now I am learning etc. regarding C-language, COBOL, etc. They will
\par ask,
\par 
\par Q) How can you be best suited to our TCS (or Soft ware field)?
\par Ans: Some of my seniors told that TCS is doing consultancy business in
\par soft-ware field, this requires some sort of programming skills, knowledge of
\par programming languages, in addition to this it requires a sort of aptitude
\par skill which I am sure of possing it, this I can say based on my past
\par academic ahcievements. Also now I am learning C, I learned up to ....
\par (say arrays or functions) I will go through Pointers etc. also I am learning
\par COBOL, I am preparing for TCS C, COBOL test.
\par 
\par Question) Why are you shifting from your ............ field to software
\par field?
\par Ans: I am interested in soft-ware field, because of its bright & prosperous
\par future and quick recogniton of talent leading to faster growth.
\par 
\par They will ask about your family members and you, you just simply answer the
\par truth frankly, they donot bouther about your father occupation i.e business
\par studies, etc.
\par 
\par Question:) how can you compete with a computer background student as you are
\par a pure ---- Engg student?
\par Ans: Actually I have taken Fortran/C/C++ as one of my courses in
\par B.Tech/Minor Area. course, now here in IIT I learned --------- languages(
\par something about what you learned in IITD), initially I found slightly
\par difficulty to compete with a student having computers background, but now I
\par am confident of learning programming skills as once I am in the process of
\par learning I am sure of achieving this.
\par here we have first talked about family, then about 4 minutes talk on my
\par project then they questioned on the project, then they asked about soft-ware
\par i.e do you know about INTERNET, Y2K problem, etc. I frankly told that I
\par donot know
\par about INTERNET, I know a little bit about Y2K problem and explained about
\par Y2K problem i.e now in all computers year is indicated by two digits only,
\par finally after the 99th year (1999) the computer will treat as 00 year(1900)
\par instead of considering it as 2000. meanwhile one or two question on my
\par academic record, about my refrigeration companies, etc. if you have a good
\par topic on your project, you tell about that one and have a little knowledge
\par on it so you can answer well their questions.
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par   ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \pard\plain\f3\fs20 
\par }
 