
1. Vishesh Technologies,
    Opp. to Food world,
    CMM Road,
    Indra Nagar,
    Bangalore.

2. Zygox Software,
   Above Bata,
   CMM Road,
   Indra Nagar,
   Bangalore.

3. Syscon,
   523, 2nd cross, IInd main,
   Malleswaram,
   Bangalore - 3.
   Ph: 3460649

4. Hughes Software,
   146, Infanty Road,
   Bangalore.

   blrhr@hss.hns.com

5. Intercops,
   111, 3rd Cross,
   1st Main, 7th Block,
   Koramangala,
   Bangalore-95
   Ph: 5716939

7. ramesh@cgicoral.com

8.      Planet Asia s/w,
        777, 3rd Cross, 18th Main,
        Koramangala,
        Bglr -95
        Ph: 5525017,5522252.
        soniaj@planetasia.com

9. System Logic,
   21st Main, IInd Phase,
   J.P. Nagar,
   Bangalore - 78
   Ph: 6658305, 6656865

10. Integra Micro Systems,
     12, 8th cross,
     Malleshwaram
     Bangalore - 3.

11. rohini@kshema.com

12. Keonics s/w,
    1014/3, 17th cross,
    2nd stage,
    Indra Nagar,
    Bangalore - 38

13. www.spiketech.com

(or) resume@spikeindia.soft.net (I don't know
  the Email Id is right or not BUT the web Addrs. is right.)

14. freshers@inf.com - Info Sys is going to give a test on Jan 21st-
It
seems

15.resume@objectinfo.com

16.Kals Systems,
    15th cross , 4th main,
    Malleshwaram,
    Bglr.

17. Wipro- Mission Road Office have incorption for 6 Months
experienced
    E-id: sanju@wipinfo.soft.net

18. Deldot Sys.,
     #431/28, 10th Main Rd,
     4th Block, Jayanagar,
     Bglr -11,

     Ph:6341437, 6342854, 6343752

19. Zenith s/w (IMPORTANT)
   Zenith House,
   No. 4, Industrial Layout,
   Koramangala,
   Bglr

20. cadland@blr.vsnl.net.in

21. Ostfold s/w,
    #483, 13 th cross rd.,
    Indiara nagar,
    II stage,
    Bglr 560 038.

22.  The below is a consulting Service address.  you have to go there
    directly and talk with Mr. Quincy.  He will charge u a Rs.50 and
    get you an Aptitude chanse (I heared from my friends).
     Mr. Quincy,
     Opp. Hotel Harsha,
      N.J chambers,
      1st floor, Bglr.
      (Near Shivaji Nagar Bus stand)
      Pl. Note that there will be no Board in his office - As I was
told...

23.  ICON Infotech,
      B.T.M layout,
      (B.T.M Layout 16th main Bus Stop),
      Bglr.

24. GIVE A TRY WITH SONATA S/W, BULL TEMPLE RD., BGLR

25. 2 OR 3 MONTHS EXPERIENCED PEOPLE GIVE A TRY WITH
     HCL CISCO, MADRAS..

    E-id: vbala@cisco.com



   FRIENDS THESE ARE E-IDs. Pl. give a try.  Use BCC option in E-id.
 ====================================================================

NEW E-ID LIST:- BGLR
====================

hrd@srindia.com, softcorp@satyam.net.in, ermg@vsnl.com,
silverk@vsnl.com, hrdnh@infotech.stph.net, rightfit@usa.net,
ebsinfo@bgl.vsnl.net.in, msl@onebox.com, majestic@bom5.vsnl.net.in,
alicia@samar.com.tw, jobs@xm.com, iresume@seta.com, dsphr@india.ti.com

 hrd@zetainfotech.com, mv_kotappa@syntelinc.com,
resumes@india.hp.com,
resumes_india@questond.com, Want2b@aditi.com, guildsoft@vsnl.com,
careers@in.kpmg.com, mafoihyd@hd2.dot.net.in,
hr.ecir@eci.ericsson.se,
gdrsoft@vsnl.com, ibmjobs@in.ibm.com, ciftech@vsnl.com

 intertec@bgl.vsnl.net.in, srikanth@aztec.soft.net,
castelino@intltechpark.com, careers@techdriveintl.com,
ramsoft@blr.vsnl.net.in, nkrishna@xylan.com,
cecareers.pcc@blr.pin.philips.com, teambr@htcinc.com,htcinc@vsnl.com,
hrd@stgintl.com, hrsearch@md2.vsnl.net.in, personnel@pune.tcs.co.in,
careers@sankhya.com

 cvtmi@satyam.net.in, hr@tltl.ap.lucent.com, apply@atlassoft.com,
sentinel@nda.vsnl.net.in, teambr@htcinc.com, htcinc@vsnl.com,
kvs@rsi.ramco.com, aispl@bom3.vsnl.net.in,
anupam.kaura@in.pwcglobal.com, srilekha.ramesh@in.pwcglobal.com,
jdjua@adl.vsnl.net.in, mayurk@adl.vsnl.net.in,
resume.india@dbconcepts.com, resumes@crd.ge.com,
quality_pune@yahoomail.com, swrecruitment@kcsl.com

 hr@bit-technology.com, Talent.Unlimited@worldnet.att.net,
careers@cybercash.co.in, chois@innomedia.soft.net, nethra@vsnl.com,
careers@cosmos.dcmds.co.in, corpdb@vsnl.com, abc.bangalore1@vsnl.com,
resumes@crd.ge.com, hr@relq.com, hrd@altair.soft.net,
ProgressV9@Netscape.net

 careers@kalkitech.com, dspapp@india.ti.com, hr@shonkh.com,
careers@quark.stpm.soft.net "SE/07/1-99", strabusa@hd1.vsnl.net.in,
hrd.zensoft@pacific.net.sg, rpsoft@satyam.net.in, info@ilogic.net,
iss@issci.com, hrde@easi.soft.net, corpdb@vsnl.com,
talent-india@iisweb.com, placementmesindia@metamor-es.com

 hrd_rec@mentor.com, hrd_rec@mentor.com "Code 04",
hr-rapid5@cosystems.com "Code 99-20-13-004", dsi.hr@db.com,
tajsoft@vsnl.com, vindia@versant.com, recruit_gen@md.in.dsqsoft.com,
gciindia@vsnl.com, test@g-c-i.com, techwrite@g-c-i.com,
careers_ya@its.soft.net, netresumes@addcon.com, vindia@versant.com,
amin@diaspark.com

 pnvgopal@vsnl.com, resumes@e4mula.com, browse@vsnl.com,
sharpindiahr@sharplabs.com, hr@optechsolutions.com,
ecomdev@blr.aptech.ac.in, recruit@ncoretech.com,
careers@sisc.in.sony.com.sg, resume@cgs.cgsmith.soft.net,
peri@techpeople-india.com, career@techaccel.com, jobs@sampoorna.com

 recruit@md.in.dsqsoft.com, hr@india.aspectdv.com, career@kshema.com,
idchrd@in.oracle.com, recruit@sriweb.com, hrindia@synopsys.com,
bangalore@universal-sw.com, india@universal-sw.com,
pbe@blr.pin.philips.com, idchrd@in.oracle.com, career@novell.com,
PSIndia@rens.com, hr@zenithsoft.com

 blrhr@verifone.com, careers@cybertech.com, hrd@indts.com, "F02"
mafoi.ban@vsnl.com, munjekp, munjekp@dci.patni.com,
datacom.hrd@inf.com, careers@brookinc.com, bgl@astortech.com,
bedifferentall@ctp.com, careers@mcdecom.net, hr-india@wisor.com

 cidcjobs@cypress.com, jobs@acceleratednetworks.com,
rathan@fedtec.com, careers@hipace.com, hr@india.aspectdv.com,
career@integramicro.com, jobs@PersonalMD.com,
interactive@timegroup.com, joinus@axes-mach01.dsccc.com,
simplex@bgl.vsnl.net.in, hrindia@synopsys.com, krishna@fedtec.com

 hr.rbin@in.bosch.com, maneshm@4cs.com, india@avestacs.com,
ztecjobs@zcentral.com, Zcentral.com, daedalus@vsnl.com,
coolsam98@yahoo.com, usjobs@kcsl.com, devjobs@isi-america.com,
info@compudynewinfosys.com, dsrinath@apar.com, hrd@evolus.soft.net,
shb@giasbg01.vsnl.net.in

 nexusconsultants@vsnl.com, resume@vxl.co.in, creade@blr.vsnl.net.in,
hr@smart-it.com, resumes@infosyne.com, indusa@bom3.vsnl.net.in,
recruitpdc@kanbay.com, hrdcv@dci.patni.com, silverk@vsnl.com,
career@integramicro.com, hr.rbin@in.bosch.com, dummy@dummy.com

 jobs@healtheonindia.com, unair@cornet.com, hrindiadh@cvimail.cv.com,
hr@shonkh.com, jobs@dsrc.com, cgvakhrd@md3.vsnl.net.in,
hrd@raffles.soft.net, resumes@wagerson.com, omcad@vsnl.com,
transwld@md2.vsnl.net.in, jobs@srisoft-india.com, hrd_india@baan.com,
hrd@cwl.soft.net, info@compudynewinfosys.com

 ibnetworks@email.com[, hrd-india@magic-sw.com, kbcnandu@vsnl.com,
saum@vsnl.com, kbcnandu@vsnl.com, irgind@hd2.dot.net.in,
brandmanager@timesgroup.com, ermg@vsnl.com, sumana@bellsoftech.com,
kotasrid@dci.patni.com, hrindiatoi@cvimail.cv.com, thyron@vsnl.com

 srikanth@relq.com, hr@catsglobal.co.in, nagaraj@nrit.com,
india@avestacs.com, transwld@md2.vsnl.net.in, parmount@kmr.net,
ceimumbai@vsnl.com, pharrington@kpmg.com.bh,
cshekar@giasbg01.vsnl.net.in, psreddy@softln.com, jobs@inspira.com,
prosoft@del3.vsnl.net.in

 hrdblr@orientinfotech.com, resume@synergyindia.com,
careers@datumtec.com, vacancy.ham.noi@barco.com,
vrodrigues@ubics.com,
aimsbangalore@aimsinfotech.com, vinod.nair@merant.com,
citech@vsnl.com, iresume@amazon.com, resource@essmail.com,
bk.kulkarni@blr.sni.de,

ravim@microland.co.in,glen@anz.com,nisha.ninan@geind.ge.com,bslisd@gia
sbg01.vsnl.net.in,resume_hrd@satyam.com,uapply@microsoft.com,madhu.siv
a@blr.spcnl.co.in

recruit@squarad.co.in,anzithrd@anz.com,zahirsha@tctsys.com,pks@hexawar
e.com,randi@bluestone.com,resumes@rave.tech.com,isplrecruit@iicindia.c
om

deccanet@giasbg01.vsnl.net.in,shalini_dongre@inf.com,ddl@stpt.soft.net
,masibus@stpg.soft.net,recruiting@stgit.com,careers@systemlogicindia.c
om,future@miel.mot.com,rr_hr@powai.itindia.com,consulting@gebbs.com

jobs@dsrc.com,jasmin@md3.vsnl.net.in,srm@srmsoft.co.in,prtindia@vsnl.c
om,jdjua@adl.vsnl.net.inmayurk@adl.vsnl.net.in,resumes@dbconcepts.com,
vydyasri@md3.vsnl.net.in,teamhr@htcinc.com,teilhr@teil.soft.net

jobs@vssolutions.com,mascon@md3.vsnl.net.in,bitechm@md3.vsnl.net.in,re
sume.del@metamorgs.com,triology@vsnl.com,want2b@aditi.com,jobs@pundits
.com,zenrecruit@usa.net,mail@dsrc.com,igenesis@giasmd01.vsnl.net.in,ka
ykay@hisl.co.in

joinus@axes-mach01.dsccc.com,srindia@vsnl.com,india-hr@rational.com,hr
-in@rational.com,career@novell.com,infinity1@vsnl.com,jpatel3@visteon.
com,esm@hexaware.co.in,standard@emirates.net.ae

careers-usa@its.soft.net,alhashrd@gto.net.om,resume@in.pwcglobal.com,h
rindia@cvimail.cv.com,isi@md2.vsnl.net.in,resume@ggn.hcltech.com,gama@
cadlab.it

sqlhyd.stph.net,sqltrng@sql.stph.net,tskr@seecasia.seec.com,gang@sql.s
tph.net,sujatha.rajgopal@india.sun.com,peyote@poboxes.com,veenab@wipro
ge.med.ge.com,priya.sripada@metamorgs.co.in,mmohan@baan.com,fast@fast.
stph.net,ratnakar@deshaw.com

silicon.systems@hyd.wiprobt.ems.vsnl.net.in,glen@anz.com,bslisd@giasbg
01.vsnl.net.in,tskr@seecasia.seec.com,resume@polaris.co.in,santanam@hc
linsys.com

hr@cbn.cts_corp.com,cgvakhrd@md3.vsnl.net.in,hr@software-studio.com,bd
evaraj@cisco.com,vinodhc@future.futsoft.com,kdesai@insyst.com,careers@
tanning.stph.net,cosl.hr@citicorp.com,freshers@inf.com,mtech@cbsinc.co
m,resume@cbsinc.com

delhi@polaris.co.in,kdesai@insyst.com,careers@tanning.stph.net,niitrmg
@niitdel1.niit.co.in,maree.buchanan@unisys.com,prtindia@vsnl.com,prote
ch@bom3.vsnl.net.in,track@del2.vsnl.net.in,tack@bgl.vsnl.net.in,hrd@ma
ndayal.com,contact@pgsoftech.com,bhargavm@vsnl.com,rramanna@inteliant.
com,resumes@ctcconsulting.com

telecom@acs-intl.com,hr@sohm.soft.net,careers@uniquecomputing.com,hr@s
ohm.soft.net,careers@optimumworldwide.com,careers@cosmos.dcmds.co.in,r
esumes_india@questone.com,hrindia@cvimail.cv.com,searchch@md3.vsnl.net
.in

serviecon@pacific.net.sg, resume@polaris.co.in, chennai.hrd@inf.com,
hyderabad.hrd@inf.com,indiajob@microsoft.com,softel_hr@bigfoot.com,car
eers@ggn.hcltech.com,info@ecomserver.com,smart@blr.vsnl.net.in,vacancy
.hrm.mad@barco.com,srcjobs@in.ibm.com,hrd@goldstone.net,zenglobe@md3.v
snl.net.in

jobs@otpl.com,mts@md3.vsnl.net.in,indsoft@md3.vsnl.net.in,india@recrui
t.juno.com,murali@ecomserver.com,career@nest.stpt.soft.net,hiq@home.co
m, rpb@wipsys.soft.net, hrd@wipro_ge.med.ge.com, nokia@edgeindia.com,
resumes@ssil-india.com, hrd_rec@mentor.com, bang@sampoorna.com,
chennai@sampoorna.com

resume@in.pwcglobal.com, swresumes@ezeenet.com, hrd@srindia.com,
iss@bom2.vsnl.net.in, hrd_chennai@akshay.co.in, nextgen@vsnl.com,
hrindia@lucent.com, vinodhc@future.com, careers@qark.stpm.soft.net,
careers@tanning.stph.net, trsanjay@blr.vsnl.net.in,
career@MahindraBT.com, info@winfosys.com

cs.murali@digital.com, mcortes@metamor-its.com,
mcortes@metamor_its.com, hr@ms-technology.com, hr@ms_technology.com,
cjagdish@hotmail.com, shankaa@polaroid.com, hemax.albert@intel.com,
career@intelligroup.com, jobs@tripace.com, resume@kumaran.com,
resume@cbsinc.com, careers@itschennai.co.in, zelosresumes@eth.net

gayaarun@vsnl.com, oitc01@gto.net.com, eastwestnd1@hotmail.com,
chennai@pinnacle-us.com, chennai@pinnacle_us.com,
svana@giasdl01.vsnl.net.in, hrdcs@wipro.co.in,
resume.del@metamorgs.com, falusa@aol.com, saunders@emirates.net.ae,
usajobs@vignette.com, jobs@xm.com, abc.pune1@vsnl.com,
abc.bombay3@vsnl.com, sofiachennai@vsnl.com,
kvharish@bahwancybertek.com, zeetech@md2.vsnl.net.in,
oenfact@giasmd01.vsnl.net.in, ird@cdacb.ernet.in,
gemini@md2.vsnl.net.in

info@techindia.com, jobspune@pun.cts.corp.com, oesindia@vsnl.com,
jobs@apare.com, ofm@gems.vsnl.net.in, soft.jobs@enterprise.soft.com,
loboind@vsnl.com, mrgindia@gulfindia.com, dcbis@bom3.vsnl.net.in,
careers@genovate.com, cbsinfo@vsnl.com, jobs@emergentsys.com,
darens@apogeenet.com, itsoft@del3.vsnl.net.in, info@realsofine.com,
svadivel@ford.com, webtek-jobs@Dresdner-bank.com,
hps.careers@hpsmail.com, kumar@ssil.co.in, careers@uniquecomputing.com

hrindia@lucent.com, Webtek-jobs@Dresdner-Bank.com, rect@apcosoft.com,
"ASET - 99"ITRecruit@singaporeair.com.sg, Got2B@systemlogic.com,
resourcem@iis.stpn.soft.net, iresume@seta.com,
Madhu.siva@blr.spcnl.co.in, som@medsoft3.com, careersindia@thbs.com,
mona.cheriyan@citicorp.com, cadland@blr.vsnl.net.in,
hrindia@wilco-int.com, recruit@md.in.dsqsoft.com, career@uiscpl.com,
careers@deneb.com, hrd@srindia.com, priyasria@itcind.com

priyasri@vsnl.com, resumes@india.hp.com,
employment@sungrace-group.com, skg@spectrumconsultants.com,
nuntiusindia@mitpl.com, arkstech@vsnl.com, mbandari@hd2.vsnl.net.in,
mmpl@vsnl.com, bang@sampoorna.com, goodmans@vsnl.com,
recruitment@emirates.com, resume@cgs.cgsmith.soft.net,
hr@elind-india.com, resume@wipsys.soft.net, jobs@dbsinternet.com,
hps.careers@hpsmail.com, harjaicv@vsnl.com,
onpro@mbox4.singnet.com.sg, vishgs@vsnl.com, shaji@cirrius.com

surfin@blr.vsnl.net.in, info@sectech.demon.co.uk,
lamba@giasbm01.vsnl.net.in, aL-orainan@jed.btc.com,
spangen@giasbg01.vsnl.net.in, mona12@bgl.vsnl.net.in,
resume@mrcc1.com, careers@asquare.com

syedraza@synteline.com, ibmjobs@in.ibm.com,
vacancy.hrm.mad@barco.com,
resumes@objres.com, jram@waltechinc.com, resume@atlantics.net

PLACEMENT CONSULTANCIES: triumph@vsnl.com, kayindia@vsnl.com,
exclusivesearch@vsnl.com, sunil@synthesysinc.com, unni@soundtek.com,
kashmira@soundtek.com, parmount@kmr.net, vadmokan@md3.vsnl.net.in,
webmaster@naukri.com, vkd.bvlinks@axcess.net.in,
calbest@bom5.vsnl.net.in

INFO SYS -
shalini_dongre@inf.com,freshers@inf.com,chennai.hrd@inf.com,
hyderabad.hrd@inf.com



NEW E-ID LIST:- MADRAS:
========================
hrsearch@md2.vsnl.net.in, resume@sagecomputing.com,
zelosresume@eth.net, srilekha.ramesh@in.pwcglobal.com,
anupam.kaura@in.pwcglobal.com, personnel@pune.tcs.co.in,
sunitha@techdriveintl.com, meenakshi@pentafour.com,
hrd_rec@mentor.com
"Code 04", (sharon)msg@adc.com.sg, prasunm@rssoftware.com,
resume.india@dbconcepts.com, career@techaccel.com

 "# 99-105" hr@ipex.com, recruit@ampercorp.com,
recruit_gen@md.in.dsqsoft.com, cosl.hr@citicorp.com,
sra_hrd@srasys.co.in, dsmsoft@giasmd01.vsnl.net.in, "SSE"
hrd@catsglobal.com, globalsw@md3.vsnl.net.in, hps.rmg@hpsmail.com,
idcjobs@microsoft.com, menon@sofiasoftware.com,
vacancy.hrm.mad@barco.com

 nikkel@blr.vsnl.net.in, sharpindiahr@sharplabs.com,
reach@hts.satyam.com, india@navasoftinfo.com, hrd@srasys.co.in,
teamhr@htcinc.com, shobha_S@kaleconsultants.com,
srikant@solutions-intg.com, dsmsoft@giasmd01.vsnl.net.in,
iswg@md3.vsnl.net.in, hrd@pil.com.sg, jobs@cybersoftec.com

 us@iis.stpn.soft.net, psdc@giasmd01.vsnl.com,
career@intelligroup.com, hrd@raminfo.com, jobs@dsrc.com,
hr@catsglobal.co.in, resume@chennai.tcs.co.in,

india_hrd@cadence.com, btl@hd1.vsnl.net.in, joinaxes@vsnl.com,


OLD E-ID LIST:- CAUTION: MANY EMAILS MAY RETURN 2 U ITSELF:
=============================================================
hrd@wipinfo.soft.net,resume@wipsys.soft.net,ravim@microland.co.in,glen
@anz.com,nisha.ninan@geind.ge.combslisd@giasbg01.vsnl.net.in,resume_hr
d@satyam.com,uapply@microsoft.com,rupav@india.mastech.com,madhu.siva@b
lr.spcnl.co.in
recruit@squarad.co.in,anzithrd@anz.com,zahirsha@tctsys.com,pks@hexawar
e.com,randi@bluestone.com
eugenep@kumaran.com,resumes@rave.tech.com,isplrecruit@iicindia.com,nav
in_chandra@hotmail.com,pace_try@yahoo.com
vbala@cisco.com,deccanet@giasbg01.vsnl.net.in,shalini_dongre@inf.com,d
dl@stpt.soft.net,masibus@stpg.soft.net
recruiting@stgit.com,careers@systemlogicindia.com,future@miel.mot.com,
rr_hr@powai.itindia.com,consulting@gebbs.com
sridharv@kumaran.com,jobs@dsrc.com,jasmin@md3.vsnl.net.in,srm@srmsoft.
co.in,prtindia@vsnl.com,jdjua@adl.vsnl.net.inmayurk@adl.vsnl.net.in,re
sumes@dbconcepts.com,vydyasri@md3.vsnl.net.in,teamhr@htcinc.com
teilhr@teil.soft.net,jobs@vssolutions.com,mascon@md3.vsnl.net.in,bitec
hm@md3.vsnl.net.in,resume.del@metamorgs.com
triology@vsnl.com,want2b@aditi.com,jobs@pundits.com,zenrecruit@usa.net
,mail@dsrc.com,igenesis@giasmd01.vsnl.net.in,kaykay@hisl.co.in
joinus@axes-mach01.dsccc.com,srindia@vsnl.com,india-hr@rational.com,hr
-in@rational.com
career@novell.com,infinity1@vsnl.com,jpatel3@visteon.com,esm@hexaware.
co.in,standard@emirates.net.ae
careers_usa@its.soft.net,alhashrd@gto.net.om,resume@in.pwcglobal.com,h
rindia@cvimail.cv.com,hrindia@lucent.com
karpagam@pentafour.com,want2b@aditi.com,isi@md2.vsnl.net.in,hrd@amiind
ia.co.in,resume@ggn.hcltech.com,jobs@srisoft-india.com,gama@cadlab.it

sqlhyd.stph.net,sqltrng@sql.stph.net,tskr@seecasia.seec.com,gang@sql.s
tph.net,sujatha.rajgopal@india.sun.com,peyote@poboxes.com
veenab@wiproge.med.ge.com,priya.sripada@metamorgs.co.in,mmohan@baan.co
m,sridharn@sierraopt.com,fast@fast.stph.net,palani@iicindia.com
ratnakar@deshaw.com,praveen@infotech.stph.net,silicon.systems@hyd.wipr
obt.ems.vsnl.net.in,glen@anz.com,bslisd@giasbg01.vsnl.net.in,iniyan@kv
india.soft.net
tskr@seecasia.seec.com,anz@sqlhyd.stph.net,brobex_global@vsnl.net.com,
vbala@cisco.com,resume@polaris.co.in

BANGALORE COMPANIES ADDRESS - OLD
====================================
        Orion S/W Ltd,
        32, Fine Oaks,
        5, Infanfy Road Cross,
        Bangalore - 560 001

        Siemens Information Systems Ltd,
        Empire Infanty Building,
        29, Infanty Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001

        Wipro Systems Ltd,
        40/1A, Bassappa Complex,
        Lavelle Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001

        Citicorp Information Tech. Industrial Ltd.,
        9th floor, Raheja Towers,
        26-27, MG Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001

        Deutsche S/W,
        8th floor, Raheja Towers,
        26-27,MG Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001

        EMRC India (P) Ltd,
        907, Barton Centre,
        94, MG Road,
        Bangalore-560 001
        Ph:55502981,5594770,558657

        Analog & Digital systems,
        1B, Lavelle Mansion,
        42, Lavelle Road,
        Bangalore-560 001
        Ph:2271359

        Siemens Communication Software Ltd.,
        10th Floor,
        Rageja Towers,
        MG Road
        Bangalore - 560 001
        Ph:5594067

        Wipro Ltd,
        88, MG Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001
        Ph: 5588422

        Verifone India Ltd.,
        Indian Express Building,
        Dr.Ambedhkar Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001
        Ph: 2869920/24

        Arun
        Integra Microsystems
        G5, Swiss Complex,
        33, Rrace Course Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001
        Ph: 2250073,2257027

        Ashok Leyland Info. Tech.
        218/219, Rageja Chamber,
        12, Museum Road,
        Bangalore - 560 001
        Ph:5587811,5597924

        Comat System Solutions,
        1,2 Main
        11th Cross Vyalikaval,
        Bangalore - 560 003

        Premier Computer Consultancy Services,
        1/2, Krishna Road,
        Basavanagudi,
        Bangalore-560 004
        Ph:621004

        Ostfold Systems,
        4/55, 14th Main HAL II Stage,
        Indira Nagar
        Bangalore - 560 008

        BMP Industries Ltd,
        3280, 12th Main,
        HAL II Stage,
        Bangalore - 560 008

        Appolo Computers,
        II Floor, Sagar Complex,
        KG Road,
        Bangalore-560 009
        Ph:2269750

        Datacare N/W
        17 23/D I Floor,
        MKK Road,
        Rajaji Nagar II St,
        Bangalore-560 010
        Ph:3328417,3320875,3322242

        Ramsofr Tech.,
        8th Main III Block,
        Jeyanagar,
        Bangalore-560 011

        EASI,
        604/3, 6th Main,
        2Ath Cross, 3rd Block, Jeyanagar,
        Bangalore-560 011
        Ph:6631375,6634913

        Informat (India) Ltd.,
        378/12, 15th Cross
        II Block, Jayanagar,
        Bangalore - 560 011
        Ph: 6637710

        IRIS S/W International Services Group,
        15,30th Cross, 4th T Block,
        Bannergatta Layout,
        Jayanagar,
        Bangalore - 560 011

        Integra Technosoft (p) Ltd,
        IST Cross Road,
        Ist Block, Jayanagar,
        Bangalore-560 011
        Ph: 6647925

        Nagraj Associates,
        717,10th 'A' Main Road,
        4th Block,
        Jayaagar,
        Bangalore - 560 011

        CRV Consultants (P) Ltd,
        166, I Floor, 7th Cross,
        2nd Block, Jayanagar,
        Bangalore - 560 011

        Tata Information Systems Ltd,
        TISL Tower,
        Golden Enclave Airport,
        Bangalore - 560 017
        Ph: 526355, 5267117

        IBM Global Services (I) Ltd,
        Golden Enclave,
        Airport Road,
        Bangalore - 560 017.
        Ph:5262355-3771

        Mentor Systems Solutions (P) Ltd,
        5th Floor, AI Tower,
        Golden Enclave,
        Airport Road,
        Bangalore - 560 017

        Texas Instruments India Ltd,
        Golf View Homes,
        Wind Tunnel Road,
        Bangalore - 560 017,
        Ph:5268451,5269452

        Sonata S/W Ltd,
        I Floor, APS Trust Building,
        Bull Temple Road,
        Bangalore - 560 019
        Ph:6610330,6610862

        Motorola India Ltd,
        108,Gavipuram,
        Guttahalli Office,
        Bull Temple Road,
        Bangalore - 560 019
        Ph:6612973/74/75

        Digital Equipment India Ltd,
        Digital Park Industrial Suburb,
        II Stage, Yeshwantpur,
        Bangalore - 560 022
        Ph:3374788

        Sound & Vision S/W Group,
        Origin Tech. in Business (I) Ltd,
        Philips S/W Centre,
        Rama Towers,
        52, Bellary Road,
        Bangalore - 560 024

        PSI Data Systems,
        Shruta Building,
        19, PRIM Bose Road,
        Bangalore - 560 025
        Ph:5585726

        BFL Software,
        45/3, Gopalakrishna Complex,
        Residency Road Cross,
        Bangalore - 560 025
        Ph:5588722

        SRG Systems,
        35/3/A,Langford Road,
        Bangalore-560 025
        Ph:2233276,2235246

        Advanced Synergic Microsystem Ltd.,
        80/2, Lusanne Court,
        Richmond Road,
        Bangalore - 560 025
        Ph:2274121,122,123

        Siba S/W (P) Ltd,
        201, Parvathi Plaza,
        105, Richmond Road,
        Bangalore - 560 025

        Ultra Business Machines,
        II Floor, St. Patricks Complex,
        157, Brigade Road,
        Bangalore - 560 025
        Ph: 5585618,5585987

        Tektronix India,
        Tek Towers,
        Hayes Road,
        Bangalore - 560 025
        Ph:2275577

        Tata ELXSI (I) Ltd,
        123, Richmond Road,
        Bangalore - 560 025
        Ph:533956,534835

        All Information Technology Ltd.,
        A 106/107, III Block,
        Electronics City,
        Bangalore - 560 029

        OCS International (P) Ltd,
        863/D, 12th Main, III Block,
        Koramangala,
        Bangalore - 560 034

        DXL Instruments India Ltd,
        168, I Block,
        7th Main Road,
        Koramangala,
        Bangalore - 560 034
        Ph: 5532094,5531680

        Visesh Technologies (P) Ltd.,
        325, CMH Road,
        Indira Nagar,
        Bangalore - 560 038
        Ph: 560050/565600/5755869

        Multitech Software Systems (P) Ltd.,
        1, HAL II Stage,
        17th Main 100ft Road,
        Indira Nagar,
        Bangalore - 560 038
        Ph: 5269264,5264640

        Equinox Solution (I) Ltd.,
        130/1, Cellsoor Road,
        Bangalore - 560 042
        Ph: 559671,4559671

        Deneb Hitech (I) Ltd.,
        HT Building,
        15, Queens Road,
        Bangalore - 560 052
        Ph: 2205121/2267113

        Index Computing (P) Ltd,
        4, Sherif Chambers,
        Cunningham Road,
        Bangalore - 560 052

        Intellect Data System & S/W (P),
        6/24 Cunningham,
        Cresent Road,
        Bangalore-560 052
        Ph:2253106,2266195

        Hewlett Packward (India) Softwares,
        29, Cunningham Road,
        Bangalore - 560 052
        Ph:2251554

        Datacom (P) Ltd.,
        4c, Chitrapur Bhavan,
        8th Main 15th Cross Road,
        Malleswaram,
        Bangalore - 560 055
        Ph: 3344251/3348727/3348964

        Kirloskar Computer Services,
        5570, Malleswaram(West)
        Bangalore - 560 055
        Ph:3822082

        Area Brown Boveri Ltd,
        Plot No.5*6,II Phase
        Pernya Industrial Area,
        Bangalore - 560 058

        TVS Electronics Ltd,
        10B, Phase I,
        Peenya Industrial Area,
        Bangalore - 560 058
        Ph:839500

        Information Management Resources,
        38/4,Naganatha Pura Village,
        Singsandara PO,
        Bangalore - 560 068
        Ph: 5537691,5533959

        UB Information & Consultancy Services,
        Nagendra Arcade,
        1/1, Hosur Main Road,
        Madiwala,
        Bangalore - 560 068
        Ph: 5538448/626/627

        Cranes Softwares International (P) Ltd.,
        5, Airport Road,
        Domlur Layout (Service Road)
        Bangalore - 560 071
        Ph: 5549338

        Netquest (I) Ltd.,
        224/16, Ramana Maharishi Road,
        Bangalore - 560 080
        Ph: 3312966/67

        Dharma Computers (p) Ltd,
        94,4th cross ,
        Industrial layout,
        Koramangala 5th Block,
        Bangalore-560 095
        Ph:5533622,55347601,5537114

        Peutronics Ltd.,
        331-36, Rageja Arcade,
        Maramangala,
        Bangalore - 560 095
        Ph: 5533156

        Microland Ltd,
        58. 80 feet road,
        Koramangala Block 7,
        Bangalore - 560 095
        Ph:5534340

        Link software services (p) Ltd,
        97, VI Block,
        Koramangala,
        Bangalore-560 095
        Ph:5533495,5533700

        Infosys Tech. Ltd,
        Electronics City,
        Hosur Road,
        Bangalore - 561 229
        Ph:8520261

HYDRABAD COMPANY ADDRESS - OLD:
================================

        Silicon Systems
        II Floor, Sudha House,
        Tilak Road,
        Hyderabad - 500 001
        Ph : 241041/242299/596452

        Frontline Technology,
        47, Bapu Bagh,
        Freindier Ghast Road,
        Hyderabad - 500 003
        Ph : 847628/817558

        Compage Data Products
        1-10-249,
        Ashok Nagar,
        Hyderabad - 500 006
        Ph : 7619103/7613357

        Computer Visions lab (India)
        4, Motilal Nehru Nagar,
        II Floor, Begumpet Main Road
        Hyderabad - 500 016
        Ph : 848084/849081

        Era Software Systems
        4, Motilal Nehru Nagar,
        Hyderabad - 500 016
        Ph : 846501/849125

        Intergraph Intl. Ltd.,
        1-8-446 & 447
        Begumpet,
        Hyderabad - 500 016
        Ph : 815378

        International Graphics
        214, Amrotha Estates,
        Himayathanagar,
        Hyderabad - 500 029
        Ph : 233052/3073/3055

        Recursion s/w Consultancy (p) ltd.,
        1-2-493/29 Gahan Mahal Colony,
        Hyderabad - 500 029.
        Ph: 635089,636863.

        Infotech Enterprises,
        347, Road No. 32
        Jubilee Hills,
        Hyderabad - 500 033
        Ph : 291020/21/398190/93

        Friendly Adv. Software Technology
        604, STP
        Huda Maitrivanam
        SR Nagar,       Hyderabad - 500 038

        Sriven Computer Solutions,
        508, Maitrivanam,
        SR Nagar,
        Hyderabad - 500 038
        Ph : 290877,291930

        Optima Software Services,
        503, Software tech. park,
        Maithrivanam,
        Hunda Complex,
        Ammer Pat,
        Hydrabad - 500 038.
        Ph: 390321, 292771.

        Softpro Systems (P) Ltd.,
        40/B, Software tech. park,
        Maithrivanam,
        Hunda Complex,
        Ammer Pat,
        Hydrabad - 500 038.
        Ph: 296582, 294199.

        Frontier Infotech,
        502, Software tech. park,
        Maithrivanam,
        Hunda Complex,
        Ammer Pat,
        Hydrabad - 500 038.
        Ph: 295918, 3746561.

        Softstar Comp. Consultancy ,
        606, Software tech. park,
        Maithrivanam,
        Hunda Complex,
        Ammer Pat,
        Hydrabad - 500 038.
        Ph: 296446.

        Pennar InfoTechltd.,
        506, Software tech. park,
        Maithrivanam,
        Hunda Complex,
        Ammer Pat,
        Hydrabad - 500 038.
        Ph: 296446.

        SQL Star People(I) ltd ,
        504, Software tech. post,
        Maithrivanam,
        Hunda Complex,
        Ammer Pat,
        Hydrabad - 500 038.



        Frontier Information Tech Ltd,
        502, Software tech. post,
        Maithrivanam,
        Hunda Complex,Ammer Pat,
        Hydrabad - 500 038.


        Integrated Data Systems
        1-10-45&46,
        Chikoti Gardens
        Begumpet,       Hyderabad
        Ph : 849309/869271/313310/319336

        Electronic Corp. of India Ltd.,
        ECIL PO,
        Chellapally,
        Hyderabad - 500 762
        Ph : 712031,7120237,7121713


____________________________________________________________________
Get free email and a permanent address at http://www.netaddress.com/?N=1

------- End of forwarded message -------


Chequemail.com - a free web based e-mail service that also pays!!!
http://www.chequemail.com

